The commander executed this order by leaving 4 battalions in Silistra and sending the remaining 5 battalions, 4 batteries and 2 squadrons to break the siege. On 6 September these forces were met and defeated by the Bulgarian 3/1 Infantry Brigade, which had been ordered to protect the flank of the army, at the village of Sarsanlar, some 18 kilometers to the east of Tutrakan. This sealed the fate of the garrison. With the situation deteriorating rapidly, General Teodorescu ordered his men to retreat and if possible try to break the encirclement in the direction of Silistra.
So the 1/1 Brigade was allowed to reach the vicinity of the town at 17:00. In Sector I, Major Hammerstein's detachment entered the forest at 10:00, where it met very weak Romanian vanguards that were swiftly pushed back. During the afternoon it took fort 1 in the face of more determined Romanian resistance, then continued advancing until it was lined up next to the 4th Division. The only way the garrison could now be saved was with help from outside forces, and as early as 5 September general Aslan ordered the commander of the 9th Division, General Besarabescu, to advance decisively from Silistra and relieve the besieged town.
混乱してしまったので...よろしければ日本語にしていただけないでしょうか？ In WC, most pet stores sell exotic birds, and most of those that sell exotic birds also sell tropical fish. However, any pet store there that sells tropical fish but not exotic birds does sell gerbils; and no independently owned pet stores in WC sell gerbils. No independently owned pet store in WC sells tropical fish but not exotic birds.
The 1/1 Infantry Brigade was ordered to coordinate its actions with the 4th Division and advance against the right flank of the defensive line. At about 6:50, while still waiting to go forward, the units came under attack from several Romanian battalions which threatened to envelop their flank, but who were stopped by Bulgarian reinforcements. After this both the 1st and 6th regiments advanced, and by 11:30 had come within 800 meters of the line. The Romanian defenders, believing that a Russian column was advancing from the east to help the encircled fortress, put up stout resistance; however, once they realized the "relief column" was in fact Bulgarian, they started retreating in panic.
In surprising ways, our systems of timekeeping also mask ancient astrological leanings, which have resisted all efforts of principalities and powers to redefine them. Tabloid newspapers and popular magazines still perpetuate the myths of astrology. Ironically, we shall find that, while the constellations can tell us nothing about the future, they have much to tell us about the past. (The artful universe by J.D.Barrow） 1)　 , which have resisted all efforts of principalities and powers to redefine them. の意味について、ここでのresistedは「抵抗する」という意味ですか？ our systems of timekeeping （私たちの時間管理のシステム？）は、それら（our systems of timekeeping）を再定義する公国と力のすべての努力に抵抗した。という訳になるのでしょうか？意味がよくとれません。どういう内容なのでしょうか？ ＊which の先行詞はsystems of timekeeping ですか？ 2)　Ironically, we shall find that, while the constellations can tell us nothing about the future, they have much to tell us about the past. の意味について、 the myths of astrologyというのはつまり雑誌に載っている星占いのことでしょうか？ だとすると、the constellations can tell us nothing about the future, they have much to tell us about the past.の部分がよくわかりません。 星占い（星座）は未来の事を語るものだと思うのですが・・・なぜ上記のような事を述べているのか。（Ironicallyと書き出しているので、そういう皮肉を言っている、というのはわかるのですが。） よろしくお願いいたします。
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。下記の事を相手に質問したいのですみませんが英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「今回もらったファイルには、例えばＡＡＡ、やＢＢＢの写真がありません。 写真がないとほしい商品を決められません。 ＰＤＦファイルでもいいので新作商品がすべて載っているカタログをもらえませんか？」
By 12:30 they had passed through the trenches that had been abandoned by their defenders earlier in the day. At around 15:00 the two regiments of the 1/4 Brigade gathered on the hill overlooking Tutrakan itself. Meanwhile, the Kmetov Brigade also advanced, though not as quickly and with greater disorganization. Parts of it reached the northern end of the forest at 13:00 and immediately attacked the Romanian trenches, but it was only at 15:30 that the trenches were occupied, most of the defenders having already pulled out due to the success of the 1/4 Brigade and the artillery bombardment. By 17:30 the brigade reached the hill overlooking the town.
General Teodorescu ordered a redeployment of forces so that 9 battalions were to defend Sector I, 12 battalions Sector II, 2 battalions Sector III and 5 battalions Sector IV, while an additional 7 battalions remained in reserve. This order, however, reached the troops only in the morning and the units were not able to execute it. At around 4:30 am on 6 September the Bulgarian artillery again opened fire in sectors I and III. Men of the Bulgarian 4th division began crossing the large forest that separated the two main and secondary defensive lines. Aided by the powerful artillery preparation, the Bulgarian 7th and 31st infantry regiments advanced rapidly.
The Bulgarian units, especially those of the 4th Infantry Division, had also suffered heavy casualties and needed the night for reorganization and better positioning of their artillery. General Kiselov was visited by both General Toshev and Colonel Tappen, Mackensen's chief of staff. Both men were pleased with the day's events, and, despite the heavy casualties, urged him to carry on with the attack. During the night of 5 September the Romanians established themselves as best they could on their much weaker secondary defensive position.
Around 13:00 general Teodorescu ordered the commander of the sector to abandon forts 2, 3, 4 and 5. By the end of the day only fort 1 was still in Romanian hands, as it had powerful artillery cover from the Danube monitors and batteries on the left bank of the river. By the evening of 5 September the entire main defensive line (save two forts) had been taken, along with all of the Romanian fixed artillery and part of the mobile artillery. The Romanian units were so disorganized that a planned counterattack with the new reinforcements from the 15th Division had to be postponed for the next day.
The attack in Sector I was delayed considerably as Major Hammerstein gave orders to the three groups of his detachment for the attack on fort 2; he also demanded a prolonged artillery bombardment to better secure the advance of the infantry. So it was only at 14:30, when the guns concentrated their fire on the fort itself, that the major gave the order for the first and second groups to attack. Despite the artillery fire they faced, the Bulgarians and Germans advanced with relative ease as the Romanians, despite their large number, began retreating and even fleeing in panic to Tutrakan.
Thank you for contacting Canada.ca. This email has been automatically generated to let you know that we have received your message. The Government of Canada privacy policies do not allow us to forward email messages on your behalf to any other Government of Canada organizations, programs, services or representatives. We do not respond to correspondence that contains offensive language.
After these successes the brigade was directed to conquer the remaining parts of the Eastern Sector, including forts 9, 10, 11 and 12. Meeting little resistance, as the arriving Romanian reinforcements were often caught up by retreating units and compelled to join them, the Bulgarians accomplished this task and by 21:30 reached the shore of the Danube, completing the isolation of the fortress.
Colonel Nedialkov, who was with the supporting units, immediately ordered part of the artillery to move forward and directly support the infantry. Following this the 1st Sofia Regiment and the neighboring 4/6 battalion rushed the barbed wire and crossed it without difficulty. This and the breakthrough achieved by the 4th Preslav Division to the west caused the wavering Romanian soldiers to abandon their trenches and retreat to the rear, and by 13:30 the surrounding trenches of fort 8 had fallen. The fort itself was taken simultaneously by parts of the 1st and 7th regiments.
In Sector III the artillery bombardment began at 6:55, and by 8:15 had achieved considerable success in damaging the Romanian fortifications, forcing some of the defenders to flee to the rear and the Danube. The 1st and 6th Bulgarian regiments advanced through a large corn field that made their movement almost undetectable and by 11:30 reached the plateau north of Antimovo. Only now did the Romanians in forts 8 and 9 spot them and open fire, temporarily halting the Bulgarian advance.
The Romanian 79th Regiment which had defended the sector was practically destroyed. It was left with only 400 effectives, having suffered 46 officers and 3,000 soldiers killed or wounded. The newly arriving Romanian battalions were unable to prevent the Bulgarian breakthrough, and, with the remnants of the 79th Regiment, tried to prepare the secondary defensive line. In this they were helped by the thick forest behind the main defensive line, which made it hard for the Bulgarian units - intermixed, disorganized, and unprepared for their own success - to advance.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。 相手に新商品の事で質問したいのですみませんが英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「2016AWの新作はこのカタログに載っている商品のみですか？」
Many of the defenders had retreated from the line, and those who remained were captured. Parts of the regiment continued to pursue beyond the main defensive line until 13:35, when Colonel Dobrev ordered them to halt. When it was realized that this was not fort 8 he ordered his infantry to cut the retreat routes of that fort, but the Romanians managed to prevent this with artillery fire. By the afternoon of 5 September the forts of the main defensive line in Sector II had all fallen into the hands of the attackers.
By 11:20 the Romanians had been completely expelled, but with its commander wounded and its units disorganized the 31st Regiment did not pursue, and was content with firing on the retreating defenders from the trenches. The 7th Preslav Regiment meanwhile had been faced with even stronger Romanian fire, and was able to advance only at about 12:00, when its commander, Colonel Dobrev, personally led the assault against a fortification thought by the Bulgarians to be fort 8, but which was actually one of the so-called subcenters of defense that were situated in the gaps between the forts.
just come sweetie I will pay for the ticket and we can be together.に I'm very Happy, Thank you. I want to see you, right this moment. but no. I have a job. I'm sorry.といったら well you will be moving soon so quit the job early and comeと来たのですが 『じゃぁ、今すぐ仕事やめて来てよ』という意味ですか？
Hehe you did it Thank you. I will take pictures for you tomorrow. I got my hair cut so I will give you an old one for now. Hehe I don't mean to be rude but maybe you could take a picture showing more skin if you know what I mean hehe But of course that is your choice I don't want to harass you with that. Also nice dress ↑翻訳してくださいm(__)m
The section took up new positions on a ridge east of Daidur and immediately opened fire on the trenches around forts 6 and 7. At 10:30 the 31st Regiment rushed the obstacles and, under heavy fire, began scaling the slope leading to fort 7. The Bulgarians managed to enter the fort and its neighboring trenches, where they were engaged in a costly close quarter battle while exposed to fire from their own artillery.
During the night, its 7th Preslav and 31st Varna Infantry Regiments had gotten within 600 meters of the line's artificial obstacles. They began their assault at about 8:00 AM on 5 September, but, in spite of suppressing fire from their artillery, met strong Romanian resistance. At 9:30 the forward units were forced to halt and take cover some 200 meters from the obstacles. This was partly a result of the shifting of positions of the Bulgarian artillery, as the 1/15 artillery section had been ordered to move forward in direct support of the advancing infantry.
下線部が何故理由となって前の文の結論の根拠になっているのかよくわかりません。。ご意見いただけませんか？
You won't go out with your friends?に 『するよ。でも今日は家でゆっくりしてたい日なの』←と言いたいです。 英語にしてくださいm(__)m
最後はyetですが何故逆接なんでしょうか？どちらかというとThusじゃないですか？。。どこが反対になっているんでしょうか。
After the fall of forts 5 and 6 the Bulgarians pursued the retreating defenders until 16:00, advancing two kilometers to the north of the main defensive line. The Kmetov Brigade captured 250 soldiers, 4 heavy batteries, six 53 mm turret guns and many rifles. Its artillery had fired 2,606 shells. Both Romanian and Bulgarian infantry losses were heavy, with the 19th Shumen Regiment suffering 1,652 casualties. To the east of the 3/4 Brigade was the Ikonomov Brigade, tasked with the capture of fort 7.
Assisted by covering fire from its machine guns, the brigade managed to reach the first obstacles in front of the main defensive line by 10:30 am, and the infantry rushed them and the barbed wire through passages made by the pioneers under heavy fire. Half an hour later the 1/19 battalion and part of the 3/48 battalion, which were part of the brigade's right group, captured fort 6 and the trenches to the east of it. The left group was temporarily held up by Romanian fire, but by 12:30 it had driven the Romanians out of their trenches and achieved control of the main defensive line in that part of the sector.
The 19th Shumen Regiment, divided in two groups and supported by the 48th Regiment, prepared to descend along a slope directly facing the Romanian fortifications to the bottom of the ravine in front of the Daidur village. As soon as the infantry began advancing it was met with strong rifle and machine gun fire supported by the smaller caliber Romanian turret guns that had survived. Bulgarian field and heavy artillery, still concentrated on Romanian batteries behind the defensive line, provided little direct support.
The general was not entirely convinced, but as the artillery barrage was supposed to continue while the infantry was approaching the line, he ordered the commanders of the 3/4, 1/4 and 1/1 infantry brigades to begin the attack, and all officers to make an example by personally leading their men in the assault. Later this order was also received by von Hammerstein and the commander of the 47 Infantry Regiment. According to plan, Colonel Kmetov's brigade attacked forts 5 and 6, which were defended by the Romanian 79th Infantry Regiment.
By 8:00 am three out of four fortress batteries in Sector II had their fire suppressed or were destroyed, which forced Teodorescu to send the 1/5 Howitzer Section to the area. It took up position behind fort 8 without being noticed by the Bulgarians. At about 8:00 Colonel Angelov informed General Kiselov and Lieutenant Colonel Noykov that in his opinion the artillery had achieved sufficient results for the infantry to begin its advance.
【英語】It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. 日本語に訳してください。 It それ was not ではない that あの he 彼は felt 感じた any たくさんの emotion 感情 akin 似て to へ love を愛している for のための Irene Adler. イレーヌ・アドラー イレーヌ・アドラーのための愛している彼は似ているたくさんの感情を感じたわけではない 「ではない」のに「感じた」？ ではないのに感じた？？どういうことでしょう？
下記を英訳して下さい。 お手数ですがよろしくお願いします。 ⬇︎ ⬇︎ 今日、ミャンマーで大きな地震がありました。 私の大好きなバガン遺跡も多数崩壊したとか… ここには数ヶ月前に行ったばかり… 被害が最小限におさまりますように。 今、ミャンマーに電話したけど、通信網が崩壊していて繋がりません…心配です。
The Romanian batteries tried to respond, but the effort was not well coordinated; their sporadic fire (indicating low stocks of ammunition) wasn't aimed at the heavy batteries of the attackers, and their fire ceased immediately after the Bulgarians opened fire at them. The power of the Bulgarian barrage even deceived General Teodorescu into believing that it was executed by 30.5 cm cannons, when in fact there were none.
彼とのメールのやり取りで Hi my girl so beautiful so sexy so～ so in love I want △△!!!!私の名前 このso in loveは「深く愛し合っている」「深く愛している」どっちらでしょうか？ それから Is going to be hard But we can make it!!! We will try! は何と言っていますか？ 調べましたが今一繋がらないので…意味を教えてください！
Thus in the decisive Sector II the Bulgarians were able to secure a substantial numerical superiority during the initial phase of the assault:At 5:30 a Bulgarian observation balloon pulled by an automobile ascended to the sky to direct the planned barrage. Exactly an hour later Colonel Angelov gave the order for the preliminary artillery bombardment to begin. The cannon concentrated their fire on the forts and obstacles between them, and at 7:40 am the observation post at Daidur reported that groups of Romanian soldiers were leaving forts 5 and 6, making their way through the communication trenches leading to the rear.
【英語】VIPって何の略ですか？
下記の英訳をお願いいたします。 こんなに正直になれるのってあなただけ。。。 　　You are the only one who makes me be able to be honest with yourself. 誤りや違和感がありましたらアドバイスお願いたします。
No more thanの意味の取り方 添付文のに要求される前提としてThe DNA of prehistoric Homo sapiens ancestors of contemporary humans was not significantly more similar to that of Neanderthals than is the DNA of contemporary humans.とあるんですが何故no more thanのこの文が前提になるんでしょうか…
この二文の違いってなんでしょうか？同じように思えます…
Accounts以降の文構造 無生物主語ですか？またカンマは同格ですか？of no knownの言い方もよくわかりませんでした。diseaseとvirusは違うものですよね。この言い方だと同じもののような(no exceptで)
Sector III was also reinforced as the assault developed by various infantry, militia and border units until it reached a strength of 14 battalions. The initial reserve of the fortress had been spent on reinforcing the lines, and only on 5 September was a small reserve of newly arrived reinforcements established. It consisted of one infantry battalion, one border battalion, and one infantry company.
By 5 September the garrison had been able to strengthen some parts of the main defensive line with the help of the newly arriving reinforcements. In Sector I, forts 1 to 5 were guarded by nine and a half battalions chiefly from the Romanian 36th Infantry regiment, stiffened with battalions from the 40th, 75th and 80th infantry regiments, as well as four companies from 48th and 72nd militia battalions. Sector II was reinforced with 4 battalions of the 74th and 75th regiments to a total of 8 battalions, but only after the attack had started.
These new, fresh troops allowed the Romanians to gain numerical superiority over the Bulgarians, but once again they were delayed on their way and would arrive gradually on the battlefield, reducing their impact on the overall course of the battle. The first reinforcements crossed the Danube late in the afternoon and during the night on 4 September. When they stepped on the southern shore they were immediately parceled out to strengthen the different sectors, with no regard for the direction of the main Bulgarian attack or for the establishment of a sufficient reserve.
We should just pretend we are with each other now.←『僕らは今一緒にいるフリをするべきだ』って意味ですか？
General Teodorescu continued sending pessimistic and even desperate reports to the Romanian high command and asking for reinforcements. This time he was not ignored: the 10th and 15th divisions, representing the army's strategic reserve, were ordered to move south towards Olteniţa - the first to guard the river shore and the latter to prepare to cross the Danube and assist the garrison in Tutrakan. These were seventeen battalions from the Romanian 34th, 74th, 75th, 80th regiments plus one battalion from the 84th Regiment and 2 battalions from the 2nd Border Regiment, supported by 6 artillery batteries.
September 4 was spent in additional preparation for the attack. Active fighting continued only in Sector I, where von Kaufman's detachment had to finish the attack on height 131, which it had started the previous day, and secure the staging ground for the assault on fort 2. This objective was achieved early in the morning with relative ease, most of the Romanian defenders having retired to the main defensive line. That day field marshal Mackensen recalled von Kaufman to Byala, and the German - Bulgarian detachment was placed under the command of Major von Hammerstein.
Just all the wrongs things. どういう意味でしょうか？ wrong に s が付いている所がよく分かりませんので、宜しく御願いします。
The infantry was to approach to within 150 meters and wait for the barrage to end. Angelov, however, felt that intelligence on the Romanian positions was insufficient and that the Bulgarian batteries needed better positioning, so he asked that the attack be postponed for one day. In addition, communication with von Hammerstein's group was weak, and the two German minenwerfer companies that were crucial for the advance in that sector needed more time to position themselves. This convinced general Kiselov to delay the attack.
画像ですいません。これは義手の話です。 that以下、本には、「物体をしっかりと握れるように、きつく掴むことが出来る。」と言うような意味合いの訳が書かれていたと記憶しています。 私の解釈では、物体をしっかりと握れるように、義手が腕にしっかりときつく取り付けられる構造になっている、と言うものです。 どちらが正しい解釈でしょうか？ あくまでの説明のための訳ですのでご理解お願いします。
積極性を大事にしてきた。 などの「大事にしてきた」 はどう訳せばよいでしょうか？
I can't wait until I am there. Do anything you want to me.は 来年まで待てないよ。 何でも僕にして欲しいこと言って(何でも言うこと聞くから)って意味ですか？ あと、Wait till next year baby←来年まで待ってという意味になりますか？
To protect the right flank of these forces, General Toshev tasked the remaining two brigades of the 1st Sofia Infantry division with monitoring Romanian activity in Silistra. When Kiselov received this order, he used his new position as overall operational commander to make several changes to the plan. Forts 5 and 6 were now to be attacked only by the Kmetov Brigade, while the Ikonomov Brigade was directed against fort 7. All the heavy artillery was placed under the commander of the 2nd Heavy Regiment, Colonel Angelov, who was to execute the planned artillery barrage from 9 AM.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新作商品を購入予定なのですがその事で相手に伝えたいことがあります。すみませんが英文を教えて下さい。お願いします。 「カタログを送ってくれてありがとうございます。 2016ＡＷの新作はこれですべてでしょうか？（画像を添付します） 前回のメールでお願いした動画はｅ-ｍａｉｌで送ってもらえませんか？」
夏休みと冬休みと春休みなら、いつでも大丈夫です。
At about 11 am on 3 September General Toshev, having exchanged thoughts with General Kiselov, issued Order No17 for the next day's attack on Tutrakan. It stated that the commander of the 4th division was to assume control over all forces operating against the fortress and determine the exact hour of the infantry attack, once the preliminary artillery barrage had inflicted sufficient damage. Major von Hammerstein and his group were to attack and take fort 2 in Sector II (West), the main attack was to be delivered by the 4th Division against forts 5 and 6 in Sector II (South), and finally, the 1/1 Brigade was to capture fort 8 in Sector III (East).
Despite Teodorescu's pessimistic reports, the Romanian high command retained its hope that the fortress would hold until relieved by Romanian and Russian forces advancing from the east, or that the garrison would be able to break the encirclement and retreat to Silistra. On 3 September the first attempts to assist Tutrakan were made by the Romanian soldiers on the right wing of the Bulgarian Third Army, but they were defeated by the Bulgarian 1st Cavalry Division at the villages of Kochmar and Kara Pelit, where a brigade of the Romanian 19th suffered 654 killed or wounded and at least 700 captured.
In the process the division repelled several Romanian counterattacks, while sustaining light casualties. In Sector III the 1/1 Infantry Brigade managed to close in on the main defensive line without opposition. The Romanian position was gradually deteriorating. General Teodorescu was forced to respond to requests from the commanders of sectors I and III for reinforcements by sending them his last reserves (which would prove futile, as the main Bulgarian attack was to be delivered in Sector II).
【英語の機械翻訳の仕組み】英語の文を単語に分解して翻訳して再度組み立て直しても意味が通じないのはなぜですか？ どういう風に単語に分解した後に組み立て直すと日本語っぽい日本語になるのでしょう？ 原文: I have seldom heard him mention her under any other name. ↓ 単語に分解 I [名] 私 have [動] ある seldom [副] めったに...ない heard [過動]聞いた him [代名] 彼を/彼に mention [動] 言及する her [代名] 彼女を/彼女に under [前置詞] 下に any [副] いくらか other [形] その上の name [動] 名付ける. ↓再結合 私 ある 滅多にない 聞いた 言及する 彼女を 下に いくらか その上 名付ける。 ↓日本語訳 私は彼女を下にいくらかその上名付ける言及した彼女を下にいくらか滅多にない言及する 意味不明。 どうしたら機械翻訳で正しく訳せるようになりますか？ どういう規則で結合していくのですか？
In my suitcase, I have over a hundred and fifty eleven-by-fourteen photographs which are the real reason for this trip. But I can’t tell Max that; he’d think I was mad. I have come here to try to settle myself, and to try to understand. I have the photographs, and I have some time to myself; I hope that out of these two things will come some measure of calm, or comprehension. The house, Altesa, coming back to Italy – it’s all really just an excuse to spend some time with the images which I have begun to realize trouble me so deeply. I can’t really explain it, even to myself. I just know it’s important, and that I have to resolve it one way or another. I leave the square behind me. My footsteps are muted by the rain as I walk, and I keep my eyes on the road until the valley starts to open up around me. Guy BurtのThe Dandelion Clockからの英文です。 *********************************************************** I hope that 【out of these two things will come some measure of calm, or comprehension. 】 ここは倒置ですか？ it’s all really just an excuse to spend some time with the images which I have begun to realize trouble me so deeply. この英文がよくわからないのですが、allはどういう意味にとるのでしょうか？ すべての、という形容詞ですか？ allとan ～がでてきてわかりにくいです。 文の構造はどうなっているのでしょうか？ itはto spend以下ですか？ the images which(関係代名詞）I have begun to realize というかたまりですか？ trouble は動詞になるのでしょうか？ 意味がよくとれません。 教えてください。お願いします。
【英語】I'm notをImn'tの短縮系に出来ないのはなぜですか？ アムントと発音出来ないのでしょうか？ アイムノットが限界の略になるのでしょうか？ Imn't hungry.とは書いてはいけないのでしょうか。
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新作商品の案内メールが届いたのですがすみませんが意味を教えて下さい。お願いします。 Nice to hear from you, hope you are well. I have forwarded your email to my colleague Chloe who is the Digital Marketin Manager and will send you all the relative documents. Please let me know what styles you prefer from the AW16 instock colelction we have.
even when I'm being a prev?に 『うん、あなたがどんな人でも愛してる』と言いたいのですが No, I love you whoever you are.←英語合っていますか？
Ok real question. Of all the things why did shinzo abe pop out of a pipe dressd as Mario at the Olympic?←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
Therebyの特殊用法でしょうか？ Telling以降がカンマだけで繋がっているのですがこれは何かの特殊的な言い方なんでしょうか？telling....means committing fraudとかじゃなかったので…
下記の翻訳をお願いできないでしょうか。 よろしくお願いします。 As a community of Toyota Camry people from all over the world, where do we all LIVE?! From 50,000 folks whose passion is to seek overland adventure in their camry’s... so help us out! LIKE the photo, & then COMMENT where you are from! In a few weeks we will be posting a photo including all the spots this community lives! Do your part and lets see where this goes!
私は8月17日に、 あなたのメッセージ（商品がまだ届いていないという内容）を 郵便局へお伝えし、調査請求を出しています。 申し訳ありませんがまだ時間がかかりそうです。 またご連絡させていただきます。
The advance of Major von Hamerstein, met with strong rifle and monitor fire, achieved little. Colonel Drazhkov, meanwhile, repelled Romanian flanking attacks, but his advance was stalled by strong artillery fire at about 50 meters from the Romanian barbed wire. Overall, the attackers in this sector suffered around 300 casualties. They did not achieve their objectives, and had to wait until the next day as darkness settled over the battlefield. After a rainy night the 4th Preslav Division used 3 September to approach the barbed wire of the main defensive line in Sector II, driving away Romanian patrols, taking Daidur, and repositioning its heavy artillery.
Advancing at about 5 am, Colonel Vlahov's force initially met little resistance; however, Romanian fire gradually intensified, and the Bulgarian column was exposed to flanking fire from the main defensive line. Some of the soldiers reached the barbed wire, but were unable to get through it. At noon the units were ordered to dig in on the positions they had reached. Colonel Vlahov's request for reinforcement was denied. Romanian counterattacks forced the Colonel to order the troops to retire about 300 meters from the barbed wire and dig in.
To do this more effectively the German-Bulgarian detachment was ordered to take height 131, west of Staro Selo, where it would secure a staging area for the assault on the Romanian forts in Sector I (West). The defenders here were relatively well entrenched and protected by rows of barbed wire, while the attackers had to advance through an open field with their flanks exposed to fire from the Romanian monitors and some of the trenches. Romanian positions further south, around the village of Senovo, were fronted by low hills that could provide cover for advancing infantry, which prompted Colonel Kaufman to divide his detachment into three columns (commanded by Colonel Vlahov, Major von Hamerstein, and Colonel Drazhkov) and use one to attack towards Senovo while the other two supported it.
He ordered general Zayonchkovski to approach the Bulgarian frontier with his forces, but the order was only carried out after extensive delays. Attempts were also made to send reinforcements from the reserves around the capital, but these too were delayed due to the general confusion and congestion accompanying the Romanian mobilization. On 3 September the Bulgarians began consolidating their positions.
By the evening of the first day the Romanians had abandoned almost their entire preliminary line of defense in favor of the main (second) defensive line. From there they put up continuous rifle fire, supported by occasional artillery fire, throughout the night of 2/3 September - perhaps belying disorganization and nervousness, as the Bulgarian units were, as yet, well out of range. The Romanian command was slow to react to the developing situation, with General Aslan remaining in Bucharest.
写真を送ったら (I'm in love)というスタンプが返事としてきたのですが I'm in loveとはどういう意味ですか？
andの並列について質問させてください。 She immediately took off one of the sneakers and , with as much strength and she could muter up , smashed open the window nearest to her. 訳は 彼女はすぐに片方のスニーカーを脱いで、ありったけの力を振り絞って1番近くの窓をたたきわった。 とあります。 ２つ目のandは どの部分の並列してるかわかりません。 she could muster up の訳しかたもわからないですm(._.)m
この文がわかりませんm(._.)m Her seat was as close to being the last one as you could get. 訳は、 彼女の席は座れる限り最後方に近かった。 ですが、as asの間のbeingはどういう意味なのかがわかりません。
The 4th Preslav Division, delivering the main attack in Sector II (South), quickly overran the Romanian outposts, the Romanian soldiers retreating so fast that none were captured. The division advanced between 15 and 23 km and came within 2.7 kilometers of the main defensive line, while shortening its front from 20 to 10 kilometers. Meanwhile, in Sector III (East) the Bulgarian 1/1 Infantry Brigade met no resistance at all, as the Romanian commander had pulled his troops behind the main defensive line before coming under attack.
The battle lasted for five days and ended with the capture of the fortress of Tutrakan (Turtucaia in Romanian) and the surrender of its Romanian defenders.Early on the morning of 2 September the Bulgarian Third Army crossed the Romanian border along its entire length, and its left wing began closing on the fortress. Colonel Kaufman's German-Bulgarian detachment advanced against Sector I (West) of the fortress, pushing back the weak Romanian vanguards and taking up positions to the east of the village of Turk Smil, where they were halted by strong Romanian artillery fire from the Danube Flotilla and batteries on the river islands.
英語の分かる方（勉強的なことではなく、アメリカに住んだ事がある方）におききします。 きょうへいは通常ローマ字ではKYOHEIですが、きょうへいではなく読み方は「きょーへー」 なので、「へい」という書き方はしたくありません。 日本人もみんな「へい」ではなく「へー」なので、外人がスペルを見て発音できる書き方にするにはどれがベストでしょうか？ もしアメリカ人の名前がきょーへーなら、自分でどう書くでしょうか？ へーならば「KYOHE」か「KYOHEH」だとおもうんですが。
再度同じ問題なのですが。。まだちょっと今度は違う点で悩んでいて…Thus以降の真ん中の文の意味がよく取れませんでした…whoいらないのでは？この文は筆者の議論にはミスがあってinfers merely from the fact of some 's holding a belief that he or she believes an implication of that belief らしいんですがsomeoneは不特定の国民でしょうか？
By は必要ですか？consentかagreementでいい気がするのですが辞書には熟語として載っていませんでした。。
The Fourth Army, despite little pressure from the enemy, retreated to the mountains. By 25 October the Romanian troops were routed and withdrew to their prewar positions, but managed to repulse German and Austro-Hungarian attempts to break through the Prahova Valley and into Bucharest via the shortest route, as the Germans had planned. The Battle of Turtucaia (Bulgarian: Битка при Тутракан, Bitka pri Tutrakan or Bulgarian: Тутраканска епопея, Tutrakanska epopeya ) in Bulgaria, was the opening battle of the first Central Powers offensive during the Romanian Campaign of World War I.
During the 29 days of the operation, the Second Army averaged over 100 km (62 mi) distance of penetration of enemy lines. Erich von Falkenhayn, recently fired as Chief of Staff, assumed command of the Ninth Army and began a counter-attack against the Romanians. On 18 September German forces struck the Romanian First Army near Haţeg, forcing them to stop their advance and switch to defence. Eight days later the elite Alpen Korps took the city of Sibiu, and on 17 October the Romanian Second Army was defeated at Braşov.
In the third phase (11–18 September), the Second Army conquered Merești, forced the crossing of the Olt at Rupea, and obtained a foothold to conquer Dăișoara. Here the Romanian troops benefited from the support of local people, with a young woman from Pârâu village guiding a Romanian sub-unit behind enemy positions. On 19 September the Second Army was ordered to adopt a defensive posture on the ground captured and hold the Odorhei-Paloș-Fișer-Dăișoara-Ticușu Nou-Toarcla-Săsăuș-Romanu Nou-Cârtișoara-Avrig line.
To the north of the Second Army, the Fourth Army conquered the Tulgheș Pass and advanced westwards. To the west, the First Army crossed the border on its entire length and captured the city of Orșova before advancing towards the outskirts of Sibiu. In the second phase of the offensive (3–10 September), the Second Army crossed the Olt river and captured Sfântu Gheorghe on 7 September. By the end of the second phase, the Second Army controlled all of the Brașov Depression, reaching the Cătălina-Arcuș-Vâlcele-Feldioara-Șercaia-Șinca Veche line.
下線部はどう理解したらいいでしょうか To be である必要はありますか？微妙に意味が取れませんでした
Fierce fighting took place at Vama Buzăului, with the Romanians capturing the town, inflicting heavy losses on the opposing forces - totaling 132 dead and wounded, and another 492 prisoners. On 29 August the city of Brașov was captured, and on 31 August, the villages of Tohanul Nou and Tohanul Vechi were captured. On 2 September the first phase of the Romanian offensive was over, with the Second Army reaching the Cătălina-Zăbala-Dobârlau-Prejmer-Feldioara-Vlădeni line.
On the night of 27 August, three Romanian armies crossed the largely undefended Carpathian passes, meeting only sporadic resistance by Austro-Hungarian border units. The Romanian plan (Hypothesis Z) called for a rapid advance to the strategically important Mureş River with Budapest as the ultimate target.The main advance was carried on by the Second Army, with the First and Fourth on its flanks. The second Army crossed the border on the night of 27–28 August and advanced into Transylvania. In the first phase of the offensive (27 August-2 September), the Second Army conquered the Lepșa, Putna, Năruja and Zăbala Vallyes and advanced towards Covasna.
『本当に！？でも、私は1021は自分の誕生日だからいつもパスワードに使ってるけど なんであなたは1021を使ってるの？』←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
【アメリカにも厄年という文化が存在する？】 アメリカ人にも厄年という文化が存在して厄年のときには無病息災を願うのではなく厄年を祝うという文化があると聞きました。 なぜ厄年を祝う文化になったのでしょう？ 日本の厄年は無病息災を願う謹慎年なのにアメリカ人は自分の厄年の年にパーティを開いてケーキを食べて祝います。 なぜ厄年なのにケーキで祝うんですか？
【英語】「lb」が「ポンド」の意味なんですか？ ハワイは米ドルだけでなくポンドでの支払いも出来るのでしょうか？ アメリカ本土でもポンド払いが出来るのが普通？ lbがなんでポンド？？
snapchatをインストールしてと言われたことに対して、 『前に友達にすすめられてインストールしたんだけど使い方わからないからアンインストールしたんだよね。lineじゃダメなの？』と言いたいです。 英語にしてくださいm(__)m
The train had already arrived when I reached the platform. この英文についてなのですが、完了形はwhenなどの明確に時を示すものとは使えないとならったのですが、なぜこの文章ではwhenとhad arrivedが一緒につかえるのですか?
すごく初歩的な質問かもしれないんですが、、他動詞プラスに副詞イコール自動詞のようなものですよね。それで、自動詞に前置詞が着くと他動詞のように目的語をとれると。 それでは自動詞たす前置詞と他動詞、自動詞と他動詞たす副詞の違いってなんですか？意味でしょうか。 そしたらルールなど特になく一つ一つおぼえるしかないんでしょうか？こういう時はこういうのが慣用句、みたいな、、 言い換えも特に出来ない感じでしょうか
海外のバンドの方に一言メッセージを送りたいのです。どなたかお願いします！ ---------------------------------------------------- 私はもっとあなた達の事が知られるように、あなたたちの事をSNSや友達に共有しようと思います。今後の活動を応援しています！ありがとうございました ---------------------------------------------------- よろしくお願いします！
unless以降が理解できませんでした。。二重否定でしょうか？
Before the war, the Kingdom of Romania was an ally of Austria-Hungary; however, when war broke out in 1914 Romania pledged neutrality - claiming that Austria-Hungary had started the war and thus Romania had no obligation to join it. Romania eventually joined the Entente, on the condition that the Allies recognise Romanian authority over Transylvania, due to Romanians being the majority population in the region. The Allies accepted the terms, and Romania declared war on Austria-Hungary on 27 August.
The Battle of Transylvania was the first major operation of the Romanian forces Campaign during World War I, beginning on 27 August 1916. It started as an attempt by the Romanian Army to seize the disputed province of Transylvania, and potentially knock Austria-Hungary out of the war. Although initially successful, the offensive was brought to a halt after Bulgaria's attack on Dobruja. Coupled with a successful German and Austro-Hungarian counterattack after September 18, the Romanian Army was eventually forced to retreat back to the Carpathians by late October.
After most of the South African troops had been repatriated from East Africa in 1917 because of poor health, Captain Bloomfield volunteered to serve in France where he was promoted to Major. He died on 12 May 1954 and is buried at Ermelo, South Africa. In The War in Africa and Palestine room in the Delville Wood Museum, Longueval, France there is a photograph of Captain W.A. Bloomfield VC with an abbreviated citation.
Rescue meant passing over some 400 yards of open ground, swept by heavy fire, in full view of the enemy. This task Captain Bloomfield determined to face himself, and, unmindful of personal danger, he succeeded in reaching Corporal Bowker and carrying him back, subjected throughout the double journey to heavy machine-gun and rifle fire. This act showed the highest degree of valour and endurance. On 8 February 1917 Captain Bloomfield was Mentioned in Despatches.
For most conspicuous bravery. Finding that, after being heavily attacked in an advanced and isolated position, the enemy were working round his flanks, Captain Bloomfield evacuated his wounded, and subsequently withdrew his command to a new position, he himself being amongst the last to retire. On arrival at the new position he found that one of the wounded—No. 2475 Corporal D. M. P. Bowker—had been left behind. Owing to very heavy fire he experienced difficulties in having the wounded Corporal brought in.
自分のしたことがどれほど恥ずかしいことがわかっている。 どのように英訳しますか。 これはまちがっているように思います・・・。 I know how ashamed what I done is.
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/18/nyregion/new-jersey-distracted-driving-ban.html?action=click&contentCollection=nyregion&region=rank&module=package&version=highlights&contentPlacement=2&pgtype=sectionfront&_r=0 上記サイトの記事の１番目の段落、２番目の段落（下記の文）の訳についてお教えください。 ---- MORRISTOWN, N.J. — Texting, we have all come to admit, is the enemy of road safety everywhere. Applying makeup behind the wheel: more or less universally frowned upon. Few would condone driving while reading a book, rooting around in the back seat or eating anything that involves utensils. In New Jersey, where suburban sprawl has elevated cars from mere possessions to four-wheeled appendages, and driving from an activity to a near-perpetual state of being, things are slightly more complicated. ----- 上記の文を下記のように訳しました。間違っている部分をお教えください。 特に下記の部分の訳し方には、困りました。 from an activity to a near-perpetual state of being --拙訳-- 運転しながら、メールの送受信はもっての外、お化粧直しもやらないほうがよ いですね。 ほとんどの人が、運転しながら　本を読む、後部座席の探し物をする、スプー ン等の器具を使って食事をするなどは良しとしないでしょう。 、 郊外スプロール化が進んでいるニュージャージーでは、自動車は、住人達の単 なる所有物ではなく、彼らの居住空間を動かす道具であり、運転は、特別な行 動ではなく日常の動作として行われる通常の振舞となっており、事はそう簡単 ではないでしょう。
Abteilung Boemcken withdrew directly southwards along a trail through the Ulugurus that the British had no knowledge of bringing with it several hundred pack-donkeys. The Germans utilised 1,000 African former forestry employees from the Morogoro area to carry loads down to Kisaki where they re-grouped. A supplement to the London Gazette dated 29 December 1916 announced the award of the Victoria Cross to Captain Bloomfield. The citation read: Capt. William Anderson Bloomfield, Scouts Corps, S. African Mtd. Bde.
General Smuts’ plan had failed as von Lettow had no intention of being forced into a fight against the three British divisions. As described a large part of the Schutztruppe withdrew along the western flank of the Ulugurus. Captain Stemmermann’s Detachment (3rd, 14th, 18th and 22nd Field Companies) withdrew down the eastern flank of the mountains taking with it a Konigsberg gun, a 10.5-centimetre howitzer battery and ox-carts.
添付したビデオの内容を知りたいのですが、世界中の国々から集まった６８人の人にＤＮＡテストを受けてもらって、その結果なにが分かったのでしょう？ またこの動画に寄せられている主な批判はどのような内容でしょうか？ よろしくお願いします。
『そうじゃなくて、あなたが私に心配させないようにしてよ(笑) 私が何かしないと側に居てくれないわけ？』←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
It’s clear why Ryan Lochte had to admit to lying about getting robbed: There was video that captured him practically every step of the way.
Brigadier General Enslin decided to stay on Kisagale Hill throughout the next day, 25 August, waiting for Nussey’s brigade. The Schutztruppe put heavy fire down on Enslin’s troops but von Lettow states that the ground was too broken for swift decisive manoeuvre, and during the night of 25-26 August the Germans withdrew south along the narrow path that led south to Kisaki. Before leaving they destroyed two 8.8-centimetre field guns that were too large to be pulled down the path. Nussey’s brigade arrived on 26 August but was too exhausted to move further and needed rest.
On four occasions Corporal Bowker urged his rescuer to abandon him to his fate but Captain Bloomfield successfully and very gallantly carried Corporal Bowker back to the horses. Here, due to enemy fire and confusion, Bowker was nearly abandoned again, as Captain Bloomfield was too exhausted to carry him further. Hurley obtained a horse for Bowker but was wounded himself, and Sergeant Theron came forward with another horse for Hurley, allowing both the wounded men to be removed to safety and medical attention.
大至急。日本語を自然な英語に直していただけませんでしょうか。翻訳機を使うとどうしてもおかしな文になってしまうので… ↓↓ Todays my topic 空腹時にお腹が鳴る理由 専門家によると、胃の中が空っぽになると消化しきれなかった 食べ物のカスや水分を捻り出すように排出させようとします このように、音がなるのは胃腸を綺麗にするための掃除が行われている また、空腹のまま仕事や勉強を続けると脳が栄養不足になり、集中力や思考力が低下すると言います
Our next exploration will be into the sizes of things. We shall discover something of the network of interrelationships between living things and the necessary aspects of environments that are life-supporting. This path will take us back in time to the origins of humanity; but, at the end of this road, we shall find unexpected clues about the origins of aesthetics, the haunting appeal of pictures and landscapes, and the importance of symmetry for living things. These insights will shed new light on our responses to modern computer-generated art, and will help us to appreciate what we require of man-made landscapes if they are to soothe or stimulate us. (The artful universe by J.D.Barrow） 最後のand will help us to appreciate what we require of man-made landscapes if they are to soothe or stimulate us.のところがよくわかりません。 1）what we require of man-made landscapesのrequire of は、「～に要求する」という意味にとるのでしょうか？それとも「～を必要とする」ですか？ 2）if they are to soothe or stimulate usのtheyはman-made landscapesのことですか？ 3）ここのwill help us to appreciate～they are to soothe or stimulate us.の部分を訳してみたのですが、 もし、人工風景が私たちをやわらげ、刺激するようであるならば、これらの洞察（These insights）は私たちが人工風景に要求すること（人工風景を必要とすること？）を高く評価することを助けるでしょう。 （These insights＝we shall find unexpected clues about the origins of aesthetics, the haunting appeal of pictures and landscapes, and the importance of symmetry for living things.だと思いますが） どういうことを言っているのでしょうか？ いまひとつ内容が入ってきません。 よろしくお願いいたします。
Captain Bloomfield, accompanied part of the way by Sergeant Theron, crawled and ran back about 400 yards (365 metres) under heavy machine gun fire until he reached Bowker. Here he found the other man detailed for carrying duties, Scout Hurley, with Bowker and another Scout named Trickett. Hurley and Trickett were not strong enough to move Bowker who was a big man. Captain Bloomfield, himself smaller than Bowker, put the wounded man on his back and, sending Hurley and Trickett ahead, crawled back with his burden using what concealment he could find from the enemy machine guns.
『わかった。もう気にしないようにする。ごめんね、変なこと言って。でも、私が言ったことにちゃんと答えて答えてくれてありがとう』と英語で言いたいのですが I got it. I will stop thinking about it anymore. I'm sorry for saying those stupid things. But, Thank you for answering that I said.←合っていますか？
I'm sorry but we don't talk usually. I won't talk to her ever again. Yuna you really don't need to worry about something like that. She isn't even in the USA. Truly I'm so sorry for making you feel this way. I swear I really do love you.←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
the news of his death は　マルですよね？ the news of he got married は当然バツですよね？ a question of why he got married to her は、マルですよね？ the fact of him being married もマルですよね？ 最後に、of以下は文は置けないけど、 間接疑問文を含む文ならおけると言うことになるのでしょうか？
One of the Scouts was killed and five others including Corporal D.M.P. Bowker were wounded. Captain Bloomfield ordered a withdrawal and detailed a two-man carrying party for Bowker. However on arrival in safe ground Captain Bloomfield saw that the Corporal responsible for carrying Bowker had refused his duty and had come back alone stating that the enemy fire was too hot. Two other Scouts were ordered by Captain Bloomfield to return for Bowker but they refused to go.
The German supply dump was blown up as the South Africans moved back. Enslin then moved his artillery battery further north along the river bank to cover his left flank. The South African Scouts had been left in an exposed position without supporting fire, and as Captain Bloomfield saw that the enemy were working round his flanks he withdrew his men back towards the South African main body on Kisagala Hill. By now von Lettow himself had arrived on the scene with more Field Companies and the Scouts were subjected to intense machine gun fire.
英語を日本語に翻訳して英語を理解する段階の初心者です。 教材の中に以下の文章がありました。 Mrs. Smith set up a budget when she was first married. スミス夫人は結婚当初 まず生活費の予算をたてた。 の意味らしいのですが、first の位置がどうもしっくりきません。 私的には When Mrs. Smith was married, she set up a budget first. の方が理解しやすいのですが …。 first が副詞にしても、教材の文にある位置はスッキリしません。 どなたか、説明して頂けないでしょうか？ 宜しくお願い致します。
あなたのことはまだ愛してるけど もう、無理ね。 exのこと嫌いとか言ってるけど なんだかんだ言ってあなたは私よりもex. こんなに人を好きになったの あなたが初めてだった。 今までありがとう。さようなら←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
これは必ずinがいりますか？formだけだと成り立たない語なんでしょうか。自動詞なんでそのままでいいかと思ったんですが
"Talk therapy," which a patient with a psychological disorder discusses it with a trained therapist, produces chemical changes in the brain. Those changes seem to correspond to improvements in certain aspects of the patient's behavior. Thus, physicians will eventually be able to treat such patients as effectively through pharmacological intervention in the brain's neurochemistry as through the lengthy intermediary of "talk" methods. 上のargumentの前提がImprovements in a patient's behavior produced by "talk" therapy occur only through chemical changes in the brain's neurochemistry. というものなので、"pharmacological intervention in the brain's neurochemistry" と"chemical changes in the brain"が言い換えだと思ったんですが違うんでしょうか？ でなければなぜ上の前提が成り立つのでしょうか？
Two German field guns came into action east of the farm.However von Lettow’s observers on the flanks of the Ulugurus had seen the dust cloud made by Enslin’s brigade and on the evening of 23 August von Lettow despatched a formation under Captain Otto (23rd and 24th Field Companies, 14th Reserve Company, 1st and 6th Schutzen Companies and a 6-centimeter field gun) to Mlali. Otto arrived shortly after Enslin and immediately turned the German defence into attack, making Enslin withdraw his troops on the ridge back across the river.
The ammunition included 200 rounds of 4.1-inch ammunition for the remaining Konigsberg guns and 300 shells for other guns. The 3rd Battery South African Field Artillery deployed on the river bank and supported a crossing by part of the brigade headed by the 5th South African Horse which reached a ridge on the east side of the river. Captain Bloomfield’s Scouts were deployed forward of the ridge but the other South African troops on the ridge were halted by heavy fire from higher ground to their front and from a defended farm to the north.
至急回答お願いいたしますm(__)m 『別に怒ってない。 でも、何かある度 元カノの話をするよね？ 私ってあなたのなんなの？ 私はあなたのこと愛してるけど 元カノの話をしてきたり、元カノと連絡とったり.. 日本とアメリカ、距離だってすごい離れてるのに心配するの嫌なの。 あなたが別れたのにその元カノとの連絡取ってることと、 会ったことないけどあなたの元カノにも本当イライラする。 元カノと喧嘩して落ち込んでるときに こんなこと言ってごめんね。』 ↑を英語にしてくださいm(__)m
He only does what he is told to do. という文では、なぜ語尾のdo が残っているのでしょうか。 代不定詞に当てはまる気がするので語尾のdo を省きたくなるのですが、 この解釈は間違っていますか？ 教えてください。よろしくお願いいたします。
General Van Deventer was ordered to send his 1st South African Mounted Brigade commanded by Brigadier General A.H.M. Nussey to join Enslin as soon as possible. However Nussey’s brigade was exhausted and many horses had died or broken down and the brigade did not arrive at Mlali until 26 August. Enslin’s brigade reached Mlali at around 0730 hours on 24 August and 5th, 6th and 7th South African Horse were ordered to occupy Kisagale Hill which overlooked the route south to Kisaki. German outposts on the hill withdrew east across the river below abandoning a supply dump containing about 600 tons of food and ammunition and some cattle.
元カノと今も繋がってるの？と聞いたら No. We were just talking to see how we are doing. I'm sorry for being so rude to you.←と来たのですがどういう意味ですか？
goodbye? Like someone is leaving. I will admit I want to see because I'm really upset today. I talked to my ex and she just made me so mad. I hate her so much.←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
Another one please. It's ok if you don't want to I understand. I love you the same no matter what.←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
文法問題集の文章で Library policy states that purses, backpacks, or any other type of bags, should not be left unattended anywhere on the premises. とあります。 よくある　in the building というフレーズになじんでいるので、on the premises のところで、なぜon と使うのかが分かりません。 あと、文中の三か所のカンマの入れ方が、読むことはできますが、もし自分で書いたら、どこにカンマをいれるのかわからなくなると思います。 どうか、解説をお願いできますでしょうか？ よろしくお願いいたします。
サイババがAUMとOMについて解説している、3分24秒の映像を見つけました。私はガヤトリーマントラというインドで一番有名なマントラを唱えるのを日課にしているのですが、冒頭にはオームがついています（インドの全てのマントラにはついています）。サイババは冒頭のオームをアーウームーと唱えるのが正しいと言っているのでしょうか? 3：24の映像がありましたので、ここのところをはっきりさせたいのです。お分かりになる方どうぞよろしくお願いします。 （映像） https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gznwTcaxwX0
what upsets that baby is her unexpected failure to manage and control the interaction and evoke a response. 構造もいまいちよくわかりません…
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新商品の案内メールがきたのですが商品画像のダウンロードの事で相手に質問したいです。すみませんがその時使う英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「このサイトで画像をダウンロードすればいいのですか？ 残念ながら私はまだDL出来ていません。 他にもっと簡単な方法で画像を見ることはできませんか？」
「はい。インボイスをxxまで送信して下さい。 　関税対策のためインボイスは荷物に入れないで発送して下さい。 　質問に丁寧に答えてくれてありがとう。 　メール確認次第すぐにお支払いします。」 アプリや機械翻訳以外でわかる方 上記の英訳をお願いいたします。
People often praise poems for their truth. But to argue that expressing true propositions contributes to the aesthetic merit of a poem is misguided. Most of the commonplace beliefs of most people are true. Whatever the basis of poetic excellence is, it must certainly be rare rather than common.
Her autobiography is a distinct narrative in a particular voice. どういう意味でしょうか？(>_<)
The 2nd South African Mounted Brigade was commanded by Brigadier General B.G.L. Enslin and contained the 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th South African Horse, the 3rd Battery South African Field Artillery and a detachment of the South African Scout Corps commanded by the 43 year-old Captain William Anderson Bloomfield (Captain Bloomfield’s Medal Index Card names his unit as Van Deventer’s Scouts). Deployment to Mlali On the following day 2nd Division took Kilosa and so General Smuts ordered Brigadier General Enslin to move his brigade to Mlali and block the trail on the west side of the Ulugurus that led south to Kisaki.
Meanwhile the 2nd Division under Major General J.L. Van Deventer had marched on a broad front from Kondoa Irangi, cutting the Central Railway in three places west of Morogoro. South of Morogoro lay the steep and rugged Uluguru Mountains and General Smuts planned to cut the Central Railway to the east and block the routes on both sides of the Ulugurus, thus forcing the Schutztruppe to stand and fight near Morogoro. On 21st August 1916 General Smuts ordered the 2nd South African Mounted Brigade from 3rd Division to move from Dakawa to Mkata on the railway line to support 2nd Division’s advance from the west that was nearing Kilosa.
I thought it best not to talk about it. 上の文のbest の品詞を教えてください。 形容詞かなと思ったのですが、冠詞the がないので副詞？と思ったり、 文型の説明としては I=S , thought=V, 形式目的語it＝O, best=C, not以下＝真の目的語 となっています。best がCということは、（副詞の線は消えて）名詞か形容詞ですよね。 とはいえ、不可算名詞のbest ではない気がします。 似た例文でI found it difficult to～.　などの文もあるので形容詞だと思うのですが、なぜtheがつかないのでしょうか。 よろしくお願いいたします。
友達から面白動画が送られてきたので それに『lol 言ってること半分わからないけど面白い(笑)』と言いたいのですが It is funny although I can understand only the half of the content of the video.←合っていますか？ (言ってること半分しかわからない←は、 話してる人の話がわからないのではなく、 私が半分しか動画の人の英語が理解できていないという意味で言いたいです。)
海外にいる友達が8月18日誕生日で、ちょうど午前０時になる時にバースデイメールを送りたいのですがアメリカの０時は日本で言うと何時になりますか？ 至急で宜しくお願いします。
誤訳のないよう、この英文から理解可能な意味をお願いします。 Have you ever heard of anyone turning up at their own funeral?
グーグル翻訳やヤフー翻訳でも意味不明でして、 長くて申し訳ないですが、 概略だけでも教えていただけないでしょうか？ eBayでオーストラリアに送ったものが、調べると既に届いているはずが、 届いていないと連絡があり、ケースをオープンされてしまいました。 バイヤーにEMSの追跡番号をお知らせして 届いているという結果を見せた後のメッセージです。 Reference 06432905 Update for Investigation - 06432905 Dear Frank Thank you for your International Post Express enquiry regarding item EJ484359992JP you sent to you from Japan. I'm really sorry that it has taken so long to get back to you. We are working hard to get back to everyone as soon as possible. We have investigated your issue with the delivery centre and the delivery staff concerned, and they have advised the they are unable to confirm delivery. I understand that this is disappointing but as a result, and moving forward to claim for compensation please contact your sender in Japan. Please note that under the Universal Postal Union agreement, the sender is the rightful claimant for this service. This means that any compensation or postage refund will only be issued to the sender, please contact the sender if you need to discuss this further. I hope that this information has clarified the matter and been of some assistance. Please let us know if you have any f
The action at Mlali, German East Africa, on 24 August 1916 and the award of a Victoria Cross to Captain William Anderson Bloomfield of Van Deventer's Scouts. The British Plan In mid-August 1916 the British theatre commander in East Africa, General Jan Christiaan Smuts, optimistically planned to force main elements of Colonel Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck’s Schutztruppe into a decisive battle near the Central Railway in German East Africa. The British 1st Division under Major General A.R. Hoskins and the 3rd Division under Major General C.J. Brits had pushed south from the Pangani River towards Morogoro.
選択肢の文章なんですが... the amorphous nature of the accounts people give of their lives 彼らか自分らの生活をおしみなくあたえる説明のあいないな性質？ 直訳過ぎるせいかうまく意味がとれませんでした Her story is interwoven with S's presentation of their encounter; at times each seems to exist primarily in response to the other. どういう意味ですか？ うしろでIt is in the process of the dialogue between Her and S that a saped story emerges from this seemingly featureless backgroundとあるので てっきりふたりのやりとりを通して物語を構成していくという意味なのかと思ったんですが。。;前半がよくわかりませんでした。
「OrderXXのトラッキングナンバーを参照したら到着先がジャマイカになってます。 　配送先は日本のはずですが、どうなっていますか？ 　またパーカーはいつ発送されますか？ 　大至急確認して返信下さい。 　返信が無い場合はPaypalからDisputeさせていただきます。」 アプリや機械翻訳以外でわかる方 上記の英訳をお願いいたします。
Redeem　Voucher　の意味がわかりません。展示会の入場券を買うところに　ナンバーを入れる欄があります。展示会の出展社が無料で招待券をくれるときの番号でしょうか？
英訳をお願いします。 箇条書きで以下のように書きたいのですが、どなたか英訳して頂けませんか？ 1.　他の人（依頼者)が早く次の作業に移れるように、依頼された案件を納期に余裕を持たせ、出来る限り早く完了させる。 2.　正確で信用できる測定をする。測定ミスをなくす。結果に対しておかしいとの指摘があれば原因究明する。 3.　大きな不具合が生じる前に、装置の定期メンテナンスを行う。軽微な不具合が生じた時点で修理を依頼し、早期復旧に努める。 4.　ルーティン以外の分析も行っていく。今まで使用していない機能、装置を使っての分析スキルの向上。 宜しくお願いします。
In September 1917, not long after General Edmund Allenby became Commander in Chief of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, Chauvel wrote to GHQ to point out the injustice done to his front-line troops, acknowledging that it was "difficult to do anything now to right this, but consider the Commander-in-Chief should know that there is a great deal of bitterness over it."
I cannot understand why the old man cannot do justice to those to whom he owed so much and the whole thing is so absolutely inconsistent with what he had already cabled. It was not until after the victory at the Battle of Rafa that Chauvel was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George, but this particular order is awarded for important non-military service in a foreign country. It was not just his military service at Romani which had not been recognised, but also the service of all those who fought in the Anzac Mounted Division at Romani, at El Arish, at Magdhaba and at Rafa.
But he failed to ensure the fighting qualities of these soldiers earned them a proportionate share of recognition and honours. Further, despite claims that Chauvel alone had a clear view of the battle, that his coolness and skill were crucial in gaining the victory, his name was omitted from the long list of honours published on New Year's Day 1917. Murray did offer Chauvel a lesser award (a Distinguished Service Order) for Romani which he declined. On reading Murray's description in his official despatch covering the battle, and reprinted in a Paris edition of the 'Daily Mail', Chauvel wrote to his wife on 3 December 1916, I am afraid my men will be very angry when they see it.
異なる辞書で「should have to ～」を含む例文をいくつか見かけたのですが、 どう訳すのか気になります。 must とほぼ同意、なども示していただけると嬉しいです。 よろしくお願いいたします。 ・I really don't see why I should have to explain myself to you. ・Universities should not have to compromise their academic standards. ・It is unfortunate that people should have to live in such anxiety about their money. ・It stuck in my throat that she should have to take responsibility for his error.
(1)Victorian, by the sea. Where we are is private, but you can get into town. (2)I like that you can modernize the inside but let the bones remain. I think the Victorians got in right in the generosity of the rooms and the windows. (3)It was very stimulating, really, because he was shooting with a handheld camera over his shoulder, so he would talk to you and then go back in. Everything that Jamie and I went though, Sean was right there behind us, even for the battle at the end of the movie in the crypt. There was a sense that we were all in it together. (4)He wrote the movie, directed it, shot it, and was all over everything from costume to hair to makeup. You feel safe as an actor. And, as an actor, if you can’t feel safe, you can’t make a fool of yourself. (5)I’d been there once before in my foolish, misspent youth and drank a lot of beer. But when you’re working on a film as immersive as this, you kind of have to cancel reality.
最小公倍数の問題で、List the nonzero multiples of 2 and 3.とあります。 nonzero multiple の意味を教えてください。 わざわざゼロなしと書かなくてはいけないのはなぜでしょうか。
(1)Maybe lean on him for one of his other projects. (2)You can’t ever do that.
Lawrence was also criticised for not going forward to supervise the execution of his orders on 5 August, when there was a failure to coordinate the movements of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade and the Mobile Column. Chauvel responded by pointing out that the criticisms of the battle were in danger of obscuring the significance of the victory. 1Murray lavished praise on the Anzac Mounted Division in cables to the Governors General of Australia and New Zealand and in his official despatch and in letters to Robertson, writing: Every day they show what an indispensable part of my forces they are ... I cannot speak too highly of the gallantry, steadfastness and untiring energy shown by this fine division throughout the operations ... These Anzac troops are the keystone of the defence of Egypt.
Mars escaped severe bombardment, and so there could have been microbial life on it prior to there being such life on Earth. Because many meteorites originating from Mars have landed on Earth, life on Earth may have started when living microbes were carried here from Mars on a meteorite. on a meteoriteはliving microbes on a meteoriteとmicrobesを修飾していますよね？なぜ離れておかれているんでしょうか。ふつう修飾する前か後ろに直接置かれるのではないですか またand とsoはふたつ使われていますがどちらかでいいんではないですか？どちらも接続語ですが重ねるとなにか意味が変わるんですか？
*It was about following the line of least mathematical resistance. ここでlineはどういう意味なんでしょうか？そのまま線でいいんですか？意味がちょっとよくわからなかったです。 *By then, economists had finally found ways to describe it with the rigor needed to make it respectable. with the rigor以降がちょっと意味がよくわからなかったです。rigorもrespectableも同じような意味だと思うんですがなぜ繰り返されているんでしょうか？
General Lawrence was criticised for taking a grave and unnecessary risk by relying on just one entrenched infantry division and two light horse brigades to defend Romani. That the strong enemy attack on the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades during the first night's battle pushed them so far back that the planned flanking attack by the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade became almost a frontal attack. Lawrence was also faulted for remaining at his headquarters at Kantara, which was considered to be too far from the battlefield, and that this contributed to his loss of control of the battle during the first day, when the telephone line was cut and he was out of contact with Romani.
また至急でお願いします。 I will like to do business when I come over to Japan or I might do my normal job as a fire fighter. I was working as a fire fighter before I joined the US army.
英語で、動詞2つがandでつながれていて、その後に不定詞が続く場合、動詞の意味はどう解釈すれば良いのでしょうか？　例えば、以下のような場合です。 John wants and needs to get a better education. My friends plan and expect to get married in October. 「『fail and refuse』＋不定詞」をどう解釈していいのか分からず、Wordreference forumsで質問してみたところ、fail は自動詞として解釈し、refuse 以降の語句には係らない旨の回答を頂いています。以下、該当スレッドです。 http://forum.wordreference.com/threads/seen-leaders-fail-and-refuse-help.3199956/ （ちなみに、投稿#7では「動詞が両方不定詞に係る」という回答をしている人がいますが、その場合どのような意味になるのかを#8で聞いたところ、#9で「もう回答済みですけど」とコメントを頂いたので、「fail は自動詞として解釈し、refuse 以降の語句には係らない」で正解と判断しました） 先に挙げた2文は、上記スレッドへの投稿#7に出てきた文なのですが（なので文脈などは分かりません）、wantもplanも、動詞単独での（後ろに副詞句などを伴わない）自動詞としての用法がないはずなので、動詞が2つとも不定詞に係ると解釈することになると思うのですが、その場合、文全体としてどのような意味になるのかが分かりません。 「John wants and needs to～」のほうは、「～したい」（want）＋「～する必要がある」（need）＝「～が必要なのでしたい」と言う意味になるのでしょうか？ 「My friends plan and expect to～」のほうは、「～しようと計画する」（plan）と「～するつもりだ」（expect）＝「～するつもりで計画している」と言う意味になるのでしょうか？ ご教授のほど、よろしくお願いいたします。
英語が分かる方にこの意味を教えて欲しいです。 I believe I told you this when we first started chatting, right? この意味を至急教えて下さい(>_<") 宜しくお願いします。
Indeed, if the Anzac Mounted Division had succeeded in getting round the flank without infantry support, they would have been faced with vastly superior forces and could have been annihilated. It has been suggested that an opportunity was lost on 5 August to encircle and capture the invading Austrian, German and Ottoman force when it was allowed to withdraw to Katia. The infantry's difficulties regarding the supply of water and camel transport combined with their lack of desert training, together with Lawrence's confusing orders for infantry in the 52nd (Lowland) Division to move south and east, stopped them from promptly advancing to cut off the retreating force in the early hours of the second day's battle.
Now you go around making up the past and sharing it with every Tom, Dick and Harry you bump into. to make up the past のあたりが特にわかりません。 どのような訳になりますか どうぞよろしくお願いいたします。
you feel incredible when you’re in training and really looking after yourself, but it’s a real lifestyle choice. I mean, you can’t really eat anything good if you want to stay that trim.
Still other secondary substances are not in themselves harmful to insects, but are characteristic smells or tastes that dissuade the insect from feeding b warning it of the presence of some other substance that is harmful. inは必要ですか？ というよりin themselvesがあることで意味がどう変わりますか またbut以降は主語が長いために倒置がおきているんでしょうか。それで、harmfulが省略とか...? As the competition has progressed, fewer and fewer plants have remained as suitable food sources for any one species of insect; species of insects have thus tended to become associated with narrowly defined and often botanically restricted groups of plants. 後半、つまり狭い範囲の植物しか食べられなくなった、といった意味でいいんでしょうか あと;の前と後ろでany one species of insect/species of insectsとありますが後半はなぜany one species of insectとならないんでしょうか。意味的にそちらのほうが揃うと思うんですが
I’ve gushed quite a lot about Tom.
次の英文について質問です 「A function f from S to T , where S and T are nonempty sets, is a rule which associates, with each element of S, a unique element of T.」 訳「空集合SからTへの関数ｆとは、すべてのSの元からただ一つTへの元を対応させた規則のことを言う」 コンマが４つありますが、なぜこのような打ち方をするのでしょうか？似たよう英文に何回かあったことがあるのでずっと気になっていて質問しました。 特に、3つ目のコンマは「associate with」といういいかたがあるのでコンマはいらないように思えます。しかしOXFORDの出版物なのでミスだとも考えにくいのですが.... よろしくお願いします！
【英語の名言の謎】英語の名言に次のようなものがあります。 「 Do not promise when you're happy. Do not respond when you're angry. Do not decide when you're sad. 」 「  ハッピーなときは、約束するな。怒っているときは、反応するな。悲しいときは、決断するな。 」 嬉しいとき楽しい時に決断(約束)はするな。 怒っているときは決断(反応)するな。 悲しいときは決断するな。 喜怒哀楽。 喜怒哀楽の全ての時に決断するなと言っている名言に聞こえますが、ではいつ決断するのでしょうか？
Further, it has been asserted that the tactics of the mounted troops actually helped the enemy withdrawal by concentrating on direct assaults rather than flank attacks. The official British historian acknowledges the disappointment caused by the successful retirement of the German, Austrian and Ottoman force but he also notes the quality of the successive rearguard positions constructed during the advance, and the strength, determination and endurance of the enemy. The strength of the rearguards was clearly demonstrated at Bir el Abd on 9 August, when the mounted force attempted to outflank the large entrenched force. They failed because they were greatly outnumbered.
Given the human tendency to explore and colonize new areas, some people believe that the galaxy will eventually be colonized by trillions of humans. If so, the vast majority of humans ever to live would be alive during this period of colonization. toはこれからの事をさすかと思いましたがそうではないんでしょうか？ever toでこれからかとも思いました。とくに後ろにwouldがあるので...
That the Ottoman Empire's intention was to strongly occupy Romani and Kantara is supported by preparations in the southern territory of Palestine adjacent to, and extending into, the Sinai. These included extending the Palestine railway system to Wadi El Arish, with a good motor road beside the railway. Cisterns and other works were constructed along this route to store water and at Wadi El Arish, enormous rock cut reservoirs were under construction in December 1916 when the Anzac Mounted Division reached that place just before the Battle of Magdhaba.[Murray, Lawrence and Chauvel have all been criticised for letting von Kressenstein's force escape.
こんばんは。 暑い日が続きますが、お元気ですか？ 13キロも体重が減ったと聞き、とても心配しています。慣れない環境での気苦労やストレスは、経験した人でないと分からない部分もあると思いますが、きっと真面目な性格なので、頑張りすぎているのではないでしょうか？うまく息抜きをしてくださいね。 私も自分の仕事が大好きですが、やはりそれなりにストレスはあります。私の場合、ストレスから過食になってしまい(お菓子やケーキ)、食べたあとに後悔してしまいます。が、食べているときは幸せです。 息抜き方法を見直さなければならないですね　笑 以上です。よろしくお願いいたします。
After the battle, von Kressenstein's force was pushed back across the Sinai Peninsula, to be beaten at the Battle of Magdhaba in December 1916 and back to the border of Ottoman Empire-controlled Palestine to be defeated at the Battle of Rafa in January 1917, which effectively secured the Egyptian Sinai Peninsula. This successful, seven-month-long British Empire campaign, begun at Romani in August, ended at the First Battle of Gaza in March 1917. The Battle of Romani has, however, been surrounded with controversy and criticism. It has been suggested that, like the attack on the Suez Canal in 1915, it was merely a raid to disrupt maritime traffic rather than a determined attempt to gain control of the canal.
When I last left, twenty-six years ago, the place felt hollow: all that had once filled it was gone. I left sure that I could discard it. Then, a fortnight ago, there’s the phone call, and everything changes. Lena has died, a few weeks short of her eighty-fourth birthday. The house is empty now, and there are decisions to be made: whether to sell, to rent it out again, to have work done on it. I know at once that I have to come myself. Max wants me to do it all by phone –get a surveyor in, have the solicitors in Salerno handle everything; but I can’t. It’s my house, and I shall check it over in person. When I see he’s genuinely worried about how much time this will take, I reassure him that there’s nothing much to do. Just look things over, sign a few papers. Two or three days; 【that’s all.】 Besides, I say, it will be good for me to have a break. The past few months have been exhausting. A chance to escape from London and all the endless preparations will do me good. In the end, he relents. 【I think about it all 】on the plane to Naples, and on the train to Salerno, and on the bus all down the forty-mile stretch to the head of the valley: about how I’ve lied to Max. There’s no point my coming here, not really. He’s quite right that it could all be handled easily enough over the phone. It’s not even that I’m keen to see Altesa again: it’s hard to imagine that the hollowness has in any way ebbed over the past twenty-six years. 【It’s none of that. 】 Guy BurtのThe Dandelion Clockからの英文です。 *********************************************************** 【that’s all.】のthatは何を表しているのでしょうか？ Just look things over, sign a few papers.ですか？ 【I think about it all 】のitは何を指しているのでしょうか？ how I’ve lied to Maxですか？ 【It’s none of that. 】の意味がわかりません。 長くなってしまってすみません。 お願いいたします。
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。相手から新商品の紹介メールが来たのですがそのことで相手に伝えたいことがあります。すみませんが下記の英文を教えて下さい。お願いします。 「私はカタログを持っていません。 それと、画像が見れません。 商画像を添付してくれませんか？ 宜しくお願い致します。」
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。いつも買うところから新商品の紹介メールがきたのですがすみませんが英文の意味を教えて下さい。お願いします。 Soon we’ll be receiving products for new season. I’m attaching you the incoming list. Please let me know if you’d like reserve them. I’ll be sending the images using WeTransfer.com I have additional incoming products! Please see attached file. You’ll be able to find yellow highlighted products on Catalog Ver. 8. I sent the images for others using WeTransfer.
先ほどの質問の続きです。 1. 彼は遺伝情報がどのようにして母細胞から娘細胞に伝えられるのかを明らかにした。 2. 将来、地球環境がどのように変化するかを予測する際には、常に不確実性が伴う。 3. 遺伝子Xを欠損した変異体は、個体サイズが小さくなり、繁殖が早まるという表現型を示した。 1.He revealed how genetic information is transfered from mother cell to doughter cell. 2. In future, There is uncerteinly all time when predict to what environment of the earth to change. 3. The mutation of lacking gene X showed that those body size is small and breeding is acceleted. としました。 ご指導お願い申し上げます。
次の文章の英訳を答えろという問題を行いました。模範解答がないのでご指導いただけると幸いです。なお、徹底的に訳すというより本番の試験では意味を取りこぼさずに簡単に伝えることを目的としているのでそれを踏まえて書くとよい。というアドバイスが書いてありました。しかし模範解答はありません。。。 (1)現在の遺伝子工学の技術により、科学者たちは選抜育種で試行錯誤する過程を踏む必要なく、特定の遺伝子を植物や動物に挿入することができる。 (2)世界保健機構によれば、発展途上国の女性が生涯の間に妊娠に関連した原因によって死亡する危険性は、先進国に住む女性と比較して約36倍高い。 (3)多くの性感染症はほとんどもしくは全く症状がないことから、人が感染し、自分も相手のどちらも分からないまま、他の人に感染させてしまう可能性がある。この理由から、こうした感染をスクリーニングすることは、早期の発見や迅速な治療を保証する上でとても重要な役割を果たす。 (1)The technology of genetic enginnering now, scientists can insert specific genes to cemical and vegetables without process throught cut and try at selective breeding. (2) According to WHO, the risk of death that caused pregnancy-relation until all life in developing country is more about 36 times likely than ones lived in developed country. (3)はお手上げでした。 ご指導お願い申し上げます。
『あなたになにもなかったなら良かった。 ワンちゃんは可哀想だけど過ぎたことは仕方がないからあまり気にしないようにね』←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
You had some amazing guys with you on film....Tom.S,Michael Stan…it seems like you and Mark had a bit of a connections.
The key to the mounted rifles and light horse's approach was to quickly move onto tactical ground and then to effectively operate as infantry once dismounted. In defence, the artillery and machine guns wrought havoc on enemy attacks, and during the mounted advance, they covered and supported the British Empire mounted force. This battle was fought under extreme conditions in the Sinai desert in midsummer heat over many days, causing much suffering to man and beast and demanding tenacity and endurance on the part of all who took part. The battle of Romani marked the end of the German and Ottoman campaign against the Suez Canal; the offensive had passed decisively into the hands of the British Empire force led by the Anzac Mounted Division.
All the captured arms and equipment were made in Germany, and the camel-pack machine gun company's equipment had been especially designed for desert warfare. Many of the rifles were of the latest pattern and made of rustless steel. Murray estimated the total German and Ottoman casualties at about 9,000, while a German estimate put the loss at one third of the force (5,500 to 6,000), which seems low considering the number of prisoners. The tactics employed by the Anzac Mounted Division were to prove effective throughout the coming campaigns in the Sinai and in the Levant (also known at the time as Palestine).
— General Chauvel This series of successful British infantry and mounted operations resulted in the complete defeat of the 16,000 to 18,000 strong German, Austrian and Ottoman force, about half of whom were killed or wounded, and nearly 4,000 taken prisoner. Also captured were a mountain gun battery of four heavy guns, nine machine guns, a complete camel-pack machine gun company, 2,300 rifles and a million rounds of ammunition, two complete field hospitals with all instruments, fittings and drugs, while a great quantity of stores in the supply depot at Bir el Abd was destroyed.
now that I know about this he, I am! Saying that, he deserves that because I rock around in scruffy jogging buttons and scruffy boots most of the time. I think I scrub up okay, which is possibly while I was on that list. But Tom is always well dressed. Some people have just got it; I wish I was one of them.
The battle has been widely acknowledged as a strategic victory and a turning point in the campaign to restore Egypt's territorial integrity and security, and marked the end of the land campaign against the Suez Canal. Romani was the first decisive victory attained by British Land Forces and changed the whole face of the campaign in that theatre, wresting as it did from the enemy, the initiative which he never again obtained. It also made the clearing of his troops from Egyptian territory a feasible proposition.
(1)It’s a shame you couldn’t keep one of the Bremont watches, they are beautiful. (2)They’re more ’60s suits, different cut, not as fitted.
(1) Are you jealous that he came one place above you in OP Best Dressed Man list? (Sam came 7th, Tom 8th) (2)now that I know about this he, I am! Saying that, he deserves that because I rock around in scruffy jogging buttons and scruffy boots most of the time. I think I scrub up okay, which is possibly while I was on that list. But Tom is always well dressed. Some people have just got it; I wish I was one of them.
With no orders from No. 3 Section Headquarters as to the method of evacuation of casualties of the three divisions, prisoners of war were transported back to Kantara by train before the wounded, generating amongst all ranks a feeling of resentment and distrust towards the higher command which lasted for a long time. The Battle of Romani was the first large-scale mounted and infantry victory by the British Empire in the First World War. It occurred at a time when the Allied nations had experienced nothing but defeat, in France, at Salonika and at the capitulation of Kut in Mesopotamia.
こちらの画像の３の翻訳をお願い致します。 1. ghost class undercover special forces with sabotage capabilities. a mix between infiltrator and militia. 2. addition of five weapons and two pieces of equipment for each class. 3. new quick match gameplay domination and capture the flag 大本は以下URLです。 https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/father-io-massive-multiplayer-laser-tag-app#/ よろしくお願いいたします。
”ブリティッシュガール”みたいな感じで、”ドイツの女の子”を英語にした場合、どう言えばいいんでしょうか？
抗生物質耐性株の出現に対しての対策への啓蒙をしている英文で、 http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2010/01/the-scourge-of-tb/307831/ より参照してください。 1.But the DOTS program also highlights a deadly paradox: in places like South Africa, where patients often stop showing up for (or “default from”) treatment, and follow-up is spotty due to lack of resources, the result of greater access to drugs can be rising rates of drug resistance. 2.Indeed, according to Mario Raviglione, director of the WHO’s Stop TB Department, unless these new drugs are protected from misuse in ways that the old ones were not, “we lose them.” の英文の訳に困っています。 1. しかし、DOTSの計画はまた致命的な逆説をもたらしている。それは、南アフリカのように、しばし患者が治療を怠ってしまい、次いで治療に対する必要なものが得られないことによるDOTS計画にのっとった治療のムラが生じる。このような薬剤治療を積極的に行う結果として薬剤耐性株の出現率が上昇してしまうのだ。 とやくしましたが、ここで意味合いは理解したつもりですが肝心な訳ができていません。 ()でdefault fromと書いてあったので訳はそうしましたが、 そもそも showing up for treatment の的確な訳仕方がわからなかった。 そして、the result of greater access to drugs の訳が勢いで訳しているところがなかなかスッキリせず質問しました。 2. 実際、マリオ(役職の訳は割愛)によると、これらの新薬は以前の薬剤の使用方法のような誤った使い方から保護されるということがないのならば、我々は新薬の効果を失うことになるだろう。 と訳しました。unless ~~~~~ were not, の訳仕方が　~~~でないならばでいいのか疑問です。 ご指導お願い申し上げます。
() unfavorable reviews by theater critics appeared in several local magazines, the musical has enjoyed high ticket sales its opening. A: In spite of B: Although ”unfavorable reviews by theater critics appeared in several local magazines” が S+Vで答えは、Although となっていますが、"(that is)appeared in several local magazines" で、形容詞節ととらえれば、In spite of も正解になるのではないでしょうか。 わかるかたがいましたら、よろしくお願いします。
http://www.voanews.com/a/cell-phones-cause-increased-brain-activity-117085853/171385.html の文章を読んで問に答えるというものをやりました。 最後の問において、 本文と合致するものを2つ選べ、というものがあり、 a: The result of the study by the NIH does not prove that Cell phones are harmful. b: A muted cell phone does not seem to activate the metabolism of the brain. c: This study done by the NIH seems to conclude the debate over the safety of cell phones. d: May studies have found evidence of a close relationship between cell phones and cancer. e: The NIH study shows that the activated cell phone stimulates our brain cells. f: The wireless companies are doubtful about the safety of radio frequencies. というものでした。 aとeが本文に合致すrのではないかなと思うのですが間違っていますでしょうか。 ご面倒をおかけしますが上記文章と問の正誤についてのご確認お願い申し上げます。
It seemed a cruel shame to shunt a train full of wounded in open trucks, but it had to be done. Every bump in our springless train was extremely painful. — Extract from the diary of a yeomanry medical officer who was severely wounded at Katia on 5 August. In the absence of orders coordinating evacuation from the field ambulances, the Assistant Director of Medical Services (ADMS) made their own arrangements. The ADMS, Anzac Mounted Division arranged with his counterparts in the two infantry divisions to set up a clearing station at the railhead 4 miles (6.4 km) beyond Romani. This station was formed from medical units of the Anzac Mounted, the 42nd and the 52nd (Lowland) Divisions.
catastrophe is exactly wherefore the opportunity in crisis and the crisis in opportunity この英文を訳して下さい。お願いします。
【英語】Japan wayをジャパン ウェイではなくジャパ ウェイと言う人しかいないのはなぜですか？ なぜカタカナ表記だとジャパンウェイではなくジャパウェイになるんですか？ ジャパンウェイって言ったらアホですか？
You can purchase VIP subscriptions using this link
The casualties were transported on cacolets on camels or in sand-carts back to the field ambulances, as the heavy sand made it impossible to use motor- or horse-drawn ambulances. Between 4 and 9 August, the Anzac Mounted Division's five field ambulances brought in 1,314 patients, including 180 enemy wounded. The evacuation by train from Romani was carried out in a manner which caused much suffering and shock to the wounded. It was not effected till the night of August 6 – the transport of prisoners of war being given precedence over that of the wounded – and only open trucks without straw were available. The military exigencies necessitated shunting and much delay, so that five hours were occupied on the journey of twenty-five miles.
Von Kressenstein succeeded in withdrawing his battered force from a potentially fatal situation; both his advance to Romani and the withdrawal were remarkable achievements of planning, leadership, staff work and endurance. Other sources put the total killed at 202, with all casualties at 1,130, of whom 900 were from the Anzac Mounted Division. Ottoman Army casualties have been estimated to have been 9,000; 1,250 were buried after the battle and 4,000 were taken prisoner. Casualties were cared for by medical officers, stretcher bearers, camel drivers and sand-cart drivers who worked tirelessly, often in the firing line, covering enormous distances in difficult conditions and doing all they could to relieve the suffering of the wounded.
とある動画、街角インタビューみたいなもので、 日本人が答える場面で 「私英語話せる人好きです」の発言での字幕が I like guys who speak English.となっています。 「英語話せる人」→「who speak English」 としたら、guysの意味はなんでしょう。 guys who　→　男性の誰か　という意味なのでしょうか？
I'm sorry reply late That was very fun! When it was really very sad to leave . . . I started Facebook ! 返信遅れてごめんね とても楽しかった！別れる時はすごくすごく悲しかった。。。 フェイスブック始めたよ！
　http://okwave.jp/qa/q9211762.html　の続きです。この記事に関連する日本語のサイトも見てみましたが、(4)、(7)、(8)などどう訳したら良いのかわかりませんでした。　それぞれの名前が決まるまでのエピソードを紹介していることは、わかるのですがきちんと理解できませんでした。どなたか添削をお願いします。 (1)Tennessee is the second U.S. state to be recognized with an element; California was the first. テネシー州は、元素を思い出せるアメリカ第二の州である。　カリフォルニアが最初である。 　→　テネシー州は、カリフォルニアに続く元素を思い出させるアメリカの二番目の州である。 (2)Element names can come from places, mythology, names of scientists or traits of the element. 元素名は、地名、神話、科学者の名前、元素の特徴があり得る。 　→　元素名は、地名、神話、科学者名、元素の特徴に因んで付けられる。 (3)Other examples: americium, einsteinium and titanium. 他の例はアメリシウム、アインスタニウム（アインスタニューム）およびチタニウムである。 　→例えば、アメリシウム、アインスタニウム（アインスタニューム）およびチタニウムである。 (4)Joining more familiar element names such as hydrogen, carbon and lead are: — moscovium (mah-SKOH'-vee-um), symbol Mc, for element 115, and tennessine (TEH'-neh-seen), symbol Ts, for element 117. 　更に、水素、鉛のようによく知られている元素名のjoiningはmoscoviumモスコビウム(mah-SKOH'-vee-um)　シンボルMc,　元素番号115、tennessine テネシウム(TEH'-neh-seen),　シンボルTs　元素番号117． (5)The discovery team is from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia, the Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Vanderbilt University in Tennessee, and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California. 発見チームは、合同原子核研究所（ロシア：ドゥブナ）、オークリッジ国立研究所及びバンダービルト大学（テネシー）、及びローレンス・リバモア国立研究所（カリフォルニア）である。 (6)Vanderbilt physics professor Joseph Hamilton, who played a role in the discoveries, proposed naming an element for Tennessee. ジョセフ・ハミルトン（バンダービルト大学？物理学教授）、そして、彼は発見における役割を果たした。テネシウムの元素名を提案した。 →　発見者であるジョセフ・ハミルトン（バンダービルト大学：物理学教授）は、元素名としてテネしウムを提案した。 (7)He had hoped to use the symbol Tn, but it had been used in the past and couldn't be assigned to the new element. 彼は、元素記号Ｔｎを使うことを希望していたが、すでに使用されており、新しい元素に再び割り当てることはできない。 (8)— oganesson (OH'-gah-NEH'-sun), symbol Og, for element 118. －118の元素のオガネソン記号（元素記号）Og　(OH'-gah-NEH'-sun), (9)The name honors Russian physicist Yuri Oganessian. ロシアの物理学者Yuri Oganessianに敬意をはらった (9)The element was discovered in Japan, and Nihon is one way to say the country's name in Japanese. その元素は日本で発見された。そしてニホンは日本語で日本国を示す一つの方法である。 　→　その元素は日本で発見されたが、ニホンは日本語で日本国を意味する。 (10)It's the first element to be discovered in an Asian country. 　これはアジアの国で発見された最初の元素となった。 (11)The public comment period will end Nov. 8. 民間意見調査期間（公示期間）は11月8日に終わる（だろう）
The advance of the Anzac Mounted Division began at daylight, but soon afterwards, forward patrols reported that the garrison at Bir el Abd was retiring. The mounted force followed the Austrians, Germans and Ottomans as far as Salmana, where another rearguard action delayed the mounted force, as the enemy withdrawal continued back to El Arish. The Anzac Mounted Division's lines of communication were now fully extended, and the difficulties of supplying the mounted troops from Romani made it impossible for the British Empire mounted force to consider any further advance at that time. Arrangements were made to hold and garrison the country decisively won by this series of indecisive engagements, from Katia eastwards to Bir El Abd.
Reconnaissance patrols on the 10 August reported that the Turkish still occupied the area of the well. Then early the next day a New Zealand patrol reported the Turkish had evacuated the position and were at Salama. The remainder of the ANZAC Division advanced to contact with the Turkish force, but both sides only engaged in long range artillery and rifle fire. That night the Turkish force, broke off contact and retired to El Arish. At daylight on 10 August, strong patrols went forward and remained in touch with the force at Bir el Abd throughout the day, but without fresh troops, an attack in force could not be made. No serious fighting took place on 11 August, but von Kressenstein's force at Bir el Abd was watched and harassed, and plans were made for an attack on 12 August.
The ANZAC Division withdrew by bounds, squadrons leap-frogging each other. First to their horse lines and then rode back to safety. The Turkish regiment had shown the ANZAC Division they were still a force to be reckoned with. Turning their attack into defence and then driving them off. The ANZAC casualties were seventy-three dead, 243 wounded and six missing.[18] Turkish casualties for this battle are not known, but altogether they had lost more than half of the 18,000 man force in their advance, into the Sinai. It was intended for the ANZAC Division to camp that night close by, with the intention of shadowing the Turkish force the next day, if they withdrew. However Chauvel withdrew the division except for some observation posts left behind, all the way back to Oghratina.
To the right the New Zealand Brigade was now exposed the two flanking brigades having retired further to the rear and their position was being enfiladed from both sides. Then at 17:00 the Turkish force counter-attacked in force and the ANZAC Division was forced to withdraw. One squadron of the 9th Light Horse Regiment, trying to recover their wounded, waited until they were within fifty yards (46 m) before leaving and were forced to leave three of their wounded behind. Until at 17:30, with the danger of a hand to hand fight looming, Chauvel was forced to order a "general withdrawal". When the Turkish realised what was happening, they increased their efforts to break through the divisions front.
Chauvel committed his last reserves here to shore up the position and they managed to withdraw the guns. All along the ANZACs front they were now pulling back. The ANZAC Division held on for the next two hours, slowly retiring to the rear. Realising the opportunity presented to them the Turkish artillery increased their rate of fire. To counter this the ANZAC Divisions squadrons rode forward, until the rate of fire forced them to dismount then tried attacking on foot. Until 15:00 when Chauvel order the division to attack but little progress was made. At 16:30 in the north between 2–3,000 men attacked the Composite Brigade, getting to within a "few hundred yards of the ANZAC Divisions lines.
イギリス、アメリカ、オーストラリア、シンガポール、マレーシア、インドなど様々な英語の国があり、少しずつ違ったりもしますね。 マレー語の母語とする英語とヒンディー語を母語とする英語では発音がちがったりしますね。 発音が日本人に聞き取りやすい英語って何でしょうか？
お世話になります。 father.ioというAR技術を使ったFPSがクラウドファンディングで目標達成しました。 興味があるのすが、英文なので正しく理解できていませ（googleなどで翻訳してますが）。 そこで、みなさんに下記英文の翻訳をお願いできますでしょうか。 「We've implemented 6 highly sensitive, infrared receiving sensors, allowing Father.IO to offer unmatched, full gaming immersion. The inceptor sensors offer wide angles of reception (almost 90º), both horizontally and vertically, so a shot can be detected from any direction or angle around your Inceptor.」 元は下記URLの中頃にあります https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/father-io-massive-multiplayer-laser-tag-app#/ よろしくお願いします。
One of their artillery shells landed on a limber from the Aryshire Battery, Royal Horse Artillery killing four men, wounding several others and killed thirty-seven horse. The Turkish soldiers were now advancing in waves towards the New Zealand Brigade. But supported by their artillery they managed to drive them back. The Composite Brigade was the Turkish next target. The Warwickshire Yeomanry, reinforcing them, had to fight off three battalions by themselves. The 3rd Brigade also being attacked, informed Chauval that there was little chance of them being able to break through the Turkish lines. Back in the north the Composite Brigade by 14:00 was being forced back and the Ayrshire Battery supporting them was in danger of being overrun.
But elsewhere in the north and south the brigades had been fought to a standstill. Turkish artillery fire intensified and at 10:30 Chavaul asked for air support to help locate their batteries. Part of the problem being they were a larger calibre than the British guns and were out-ranging them. At the same time he sent one of his reserve regiments the Warwickshire Yeomanry to support the Composite Brigade. By 11:30 the ANZAC Division was deployed in a crescent around three miles (4.8 km) the Turkish position and could observe the Turkish camel transports leaving to the east. But thirty minutes later the Turkish troops counter-attacked along the length of their line.
Then the Composite Brigade, which was still advancing, came under fire from artillery, anti-aircraft and machine-guns, was halted around 800 yards (730 m) from the Turkish lines. By 07:00 the Turkish had discovered the gap in the ANZAC Division line between the New Zealanders and the Composite Brigades and were trying to exploit it. An hour later on the southern flank the 3rd Brigade advance was halted and they were ordered to change their direction of advance towards Ard, instead of trying to circle it. At the same time closing the gap between them and the New Zealanders. The New Zealand Brigade advanced again, and at one stage it seemed like two of their regiments, may succeed in breaking into the Turkish position.
いつもありがとうございます。 英訳をおしえていただけませんでしょうか。 １．あなたから送られてくるメッセージから、勇気をもらうの。気分が高揚してくる。 ２．何回も読み返してると興奮しちゃう。 ３．前向きになれるから、明日も頑張ろうって気持ちになれるの。 　　
以下の英文で、いくつか質問させてください。 １．"how it felt that" のthatは単なるthat timeでの指示代名詞でしょうか。後に出てくるthat other timeと並列になっているようにも見えるのですが、解説お願いします。 ２．" until ten minutes in"はラスト１０分にならないと頂上が見えないという意味だと思うのですが、この場合のinの使い方を解説していただけないでしょうか。 Camping Sucks. Sort of. At least that's how it felt that time when you were scrambling up that hill so tall you couldn't even see the top until ten minutes in. And of course you were the one carrying the canoe! And that other time when you didn't pack a couple of meals because your buddy swore that he could catch some trout "no problem". "Last year they were JUMPING" he tried telling you while you began zoning out, salivating, and dreaming of pizza and beer.
However they were not advancing in one continuous line. There was a gap around 800 yards (730 m) between the New Zealanders and the depleted Composite Brigade and around one mile (1.6 km) between the 3rd Brigade and the New Zealanders. By 05:00 that the New Zealand Brigade had reached a high point that overlooked the well and the Turkish position. An hour later the Turkish troops, left their trenches fixed bayonets and counter-attacked the New Zealand Brigade in two columns. This first assault faltered in the face of the New Zealanders machine-gun and supporting artillery fire from the Somerset Battery, Royal Horse Artillery. The respite lasted for thirty minutes when the Turkish troops attacked the New Zealanders again.
So that the Turkish force now numbered around 6,000 men, twice the number available to Chauvel. They were also well supported by mountain artillery and howitzers. The machine-guns were manned by German soldiers and the artillery by Austrians. The New Zealand advance began at 04:00, at the same time the 3rd Brigade made towards a redoubt over two miles (3.2 km) to the south. It was not for another hour that the Composite Brigade set out, but they located a trench system from the well to Lake Bardawil. The ANZAC Division advanced through Turkish artillery and machine gun fire, until it got so heavy that it threatened the safety of their horses. Dismounting they continued on foot.
Battle of Doiran (1916) In the beginning of August 1916 three French and one British divisions with 45,000 men and 400 guns launched an offensive against the Bulgarian positions at Lake Dojran, defended by the Second Thracian Infantry Division. The attack began on 9 August with heavy artillery fire on the positions of the 27th Chepino Regiment and 9th Plovdiv Regiment. All four attacks that followed - on 10, 15, 16 and 18 August were repulsed by the Second division and the Allies were forced to retreat to their original positions with heavy casualties.Other sources state that the French took Tortoise Hill (Tortue) and Doldzeli, in total 30 square km, but at a very high cost. The British 7th Battalion of the Oxfordshire & Buckinghamshire Light Infantry took Horseshoe Hill.
【英語】exerciseはエクササイズで運動。それにsを付けるとexercisesでエクササイジィーズとなって演習という意味になる。 なぜ運動にsを付けると演習になるんですか？ 運動の複数形はないでしょうが、なぜ運動の複数形で演習になったのか語源の歴史を教えてください。
The Composite Brigade were to make for a position two miles (3.2 km) to the north-east of the Turkish defences. The New Zealand Brigade were to advance directly at the position. The 3rd Light Horse Brigade would stay in contact with the New Zealanders, then move behind the Turkish position, and locate around five miles (8.0 km) to the east of it, hindering any withdrawal and compromise their lines of communications. While the 5th Mounted Brigade would form the reserve. The Turkish position at Bir el Abd, consisted of well constructed trenches and redoubts. That looked down on the approach routes, that any British force would use. They had used the time since arriving well, recovering from their defeat in the previous days, to replenish their supplies and had been reinforced.
Around twenty-two miles (35 km) east of Romani on the road to El Arish. That night the division headquarters, the 5th Mounted and New Zealand Brigades, camped at Oghratina. Waiting for the 1st and 2nd Brigades to rejoin them. But both brigades were short on manpower and had to form a composite brigade out of the two units. On 9 August the division advanced again. With the New Zealand Brigade in the centre. The Composite Brigade to their left and the 3rd Light Horse Brigade on the right. The Turkish rearguard was encountered again holding a front of ten miles (16 km) across falling back on Bir el Abd.
"５年間病気で働けない" It's been 5 years since I couldn't worked because of health. I couldn't have worked for 5 years because of health. I couldn't have been working for 5 years because of health
"生きているだけが取り柄" I'm afraid my greatest talent is for being alive.
"久しぶりに英語でチャットします。英語が得意ではないので少しずつしか話せませんが、お互いのことを知り会えたら嬉しいです。よろしく。"
"I am a Medical-Surgical Nurse (66H) in the 82 Airborne Division, the US Army that was deployed to Kabul for peacekeeping but currently in Camp Arifjan, Kuwait. "
When they had advanced across the Sinai Desert, the Turkish force had constructed strong defensive positions. That they now made use of as they withdrew back east towards the Egyptian-Palestinian border.On 7 August the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade leading the divisions pursuit of the Turkish force, located their rearguard at Oghratina. Attempting to turn their left flank, they found the opposition to strong for them and withdrew. Early the next day reconnaissance patrols found the rearguard had pulled out during the night. The patrols continued their reconnaissance and located the Turkish force again, establish on the high ground to the east of Bir ed Abd.
British patrols discovered them on 8 August and the remainder of the ANZAC Division got into a position to attack the next day. The assault was launched on early 9 August and became a day of attack and counter-attack. Finally in the early evening Chauvel, commanding the ANZAC Division, ordered his troops to withdraw leaving the Turkish force in command of the battle ground.Victory in the battle of Romani had exhausted the ANZAC Mounted Division, and the two units most heavily involved, the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades, were sent to rest at Romani and Etmaler. While the rest of the division, with the 5th Mounted Brigade under command, were ordered to follow the withdrawing Turkish force.
The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade reached Debabis on 8 August. As the 3rd Light Horse Brigade came up, they passed many dead Ottomans and Yeomanry; one dead Ottoman sniper had a heap of hundreds of rounds of empty cartridge shells beside him. Meanwhile, the Bikanir Camel Corps and a squadron of aircraft continued searching the desert sands for missing men. The Battle of Bir el Abd or the Abd well (9 August 1916) was fought between the forces of the British Empire and the Ottoman Turkish Empire, during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War.The battle took place in the Sinai Desert following the British victory at the battle of Romani (3–5 August). The British Empire's ANZAC Mounted Division, with the 5th Mounted Brigade under command, was tasked to follow a retiring Turkish Army force.
・・・too busy working　の後のセリフが聞き取れません。 どなたか　何と言っているかご教示頂けませんでしょうか？。
During the night, the German and Ottoman forces retreated back to Bir el Abd, where they had been three weeks before, on 20 July, when they established a base with a depot for supplies and stores.On 7 August the Greater Bairam (a feast day celebrating the end of the Islamic year) coincided with the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps at Romani being ordered to move out with supplies for the advancing troops, but 150 men, most of whom were past the end of their contracts and entitled to be discharged, refused orders to fill their water bottles, draw their rations and saddle up. One man was hit about the head with the butt of a pistol and the dissenters were dispersed into small groups and reassigned to various units in the infantry division; the 52nd (Lowland) Division.
飲食店のメニューについてお知恵を拝借させて下さい。 メニューに英語の表記も付けたいのですが、 オーブン料理を英語でなんと書けばいいでしょうか？ グリルではなくピザやじゃがいも料理等、オーブンで焼き上げたもののカテゴリとしての表記の仕方がわかりません。 翻訳サイトで調べるとOVEN COOKINGと出てきますが、これでいいのでしょうか？ また他の言い回しなども知っている方、教えて頂けると助かります。 どうぞよろしくお願い致します
If one compares the number of dead Italians and the number of dead Austrians, the one sided-ness of the proportion highlights the high cost to this limited victory. In addition, like all other battles on the Soča (Isonzo), there were many missing soldiers, victims of the superior Austrian artillery.The same three brigades – one mounted rifle, one light horse and one Yeomanry, with the 10th Light Horse Regiment (3rd Light Horse Brigade) supporting the Yeomanry – moved to attack the German and Ottoman position at Oghratina, but the rearguard position was again found to be too strong. Lacking the support of infantry or heavy artillery, the mounted force was too small to capture this strong rearguard position, but the threat from the mounted advance was enough to force the hostile force to evacuate the position.
In the wake of the battle Italy finally declared war against Germany, on 28 August.In later years, historians maintained that that battle (with 21,000 dead on the Italian side) was a useless and limited conquest, perhaps Cadorna's only victory. In reality, the Austrians, who were short on troops (having to fight on two fronts), retreated to Slovene territory where Cadorna sacrificed thousands of soldiers in futile attempts to advance toward Ljubljana and Trieste. The Austrians, who were better equipped, preferred to preserve their forces. The Italian generals, in an attempt to make up for their poor equipment, committed the Italians to frontal assaults, resulting in massive casualties.
検索しても英語では結構でてきますが、日本語のサイトではほとんど使われていません。 和訳するとどんな意味ですか？働く目的？
The Austro-Hungarian forces had to retreat on the line east of Gorizia (Mount Škabrijel), leaving the heavily damaged town to the Italians.On 8 August, Gorizia fell to Cadorna and a bridgehead was finally established across the Soča (Isonzo) River. The Austro-Hungarians shifted troops to the Gorizia sector to prevent a breakthrough. Content with having established the bridgehead, Cadorna ended the offensive on 17 August.The attack on Gorizia was the most successful Italian offensive along the Isonzo lines and greatly boosted Italian morale - especially since Gorizia, whatever its actual value, had been promoted as a desirable objective, unattainable in earlier battles.
Italian Chief-of-Staff Luigi Cadorna made good use of railroads to quickly shift troops from Trentino back to the Isonzo line for an offensive against the weakened Austro-Hungarian defenses.On 6 August the offensive was launched against Gorizia. The offensive was concentrated in two zones: the hilly area west of the Soča (Isonzo) river near Gorizia the westernmost edge of the Kras plateau near Doberdò del Lago. In the Battle of Doberdò, the Italians managed to conquer the main transport road leading from the coast town of Duino to Gorizia, thus securing their advance to Gorizia from the south.
「先ほどXXを注文したのですが、 御社からの注文完了メールが届きません。 Paypalからは支払い完了メールが届きました。 Recent Ordersを見ても注文は完了している様ですが 注文は正常に処理されていますか？ ご連絡お待ちしています。」 上記の英訳をお願い致します。
これは、計８時間の事ですが、私の頭は、全体が４時間あって二つのパートに分かれている、と解釈しています。４時間の２区切り、みたいに。 どう思考したら８時間になりますか？
英字新聞の翻訳をしました。　どなたか添削をお願いします。意訳もしてみましたが(7)、(9)など自信なしです。宜しくお願いします。 (1)Periodic table elements named for Moscow, Japan, Tennessee モスクワ、日本、テネシーに由来する原子周期律表の名前 (2)Three new chemical elements will be named after Moscow, Japan and Tennessee under a recommendation by an international scientific group 国際科学委員会による推挙に基づいて（従って）、３つの新しい化学元素は、モスクワ、日本、テネシーに因んで命名される（だろう） (3)June 8, 2016, at 6:22 p.m. By MALCOLM RITTER, AP Science Writer 2016年6月8日　午後6:22　 MALCOLM RITTER　AP科学記者 (4)NEW YORK (AP) — You'll soon see four new names on the periodic table of the elements, including three that honor Moscow, Japan and Tennessee. 　ニューヨーク(AP)　あなたは、近々、モスクワ、日本、テネシーに敬意を払う3つを含めて ４つの新たな名前を周期律表に目にするだろう。 　→　ニューヨーク(AP)　近々、周期律表に４つの名前が追加されるだろう。うち３つは、モスクワ、日本、テネシーに敬意を払ったものである。 (5)The names are among four recommended Wednesday by an international scientific group. 水曜日　それらの名前は、４つそれぞれ国際的な科学団体により推薦された。 (6)The fourth is named for a Russian scientist. ４番目はロシアの科学者の名前をとって命名された。 (7)The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry, which rules on chemical element names, presented its proposal for public review. 国際純正・応用化学連合（IUPAC）、それは化学元素の名前に関するルールであるが、その公開審査の提言を発表する。 (8)The names had been submitted by the element discoverers. 4つ目はロシアの科学者の名前をとって命名された。 (9)The four elements, known now by their numbers, completed the seventh row of the periodic table when the chemistry organization verified their discoveries last December. 　現在、それらの番号について知られている４つの元素は、化学機関が昨年12月に、それらの発見を立証したとき、周期律表の第７列を完成した。 　→　今まで、その番号のみが知られている４つの元素は、昨年12月に化学機関により発見が立証され周期律表の第７列が完成された。
While Austrian generals wanted to preserve their troops (having to fight on two fronts), which gave them fewer men to defend their border with Italy. In all, this was a strategically important victory for the Italians despite the outcome of the battle. The Sixth Battle of the Isonzo also known as the Battle of Gorizia was the most successful Italian offensive along the Soča (Isonzo) River during World War I.Franz Graf Conrad von Hötzendorf had reduced the Austro-Hungarian forces along the Soča (Isonzo) front to reinforce his Trentino Offensive.
Intensive hand-to-hand fighting commenced, with both sides taking massive losses. Surrounded, Austro-Hungarian forces were forced to retreat, on the line east of Gorizia, giving Italian forces control of the heavily damaged town.Both sides had taken massive losses, with an estimated of more than 20,000 soldiers killed or missing. Although victorious, Italian losses were much greater than those of the Austro-Hungarians, with around 5,000 of their soldiers killed. This was largely due to the frontal assaults on Austrian positions, which were superior to that of the Italians. Italian generals were eager to crush Austro-Hungarian forces in the area, with the intent of going as far as Ljubljana.
「以前このカメラをチェックした時には問題ありませんでしたが、 今それを点検をしましたら、低速シャッターに粘りがあります。 誠に申し訳ございませんが、取引を中止させていただけないでしょうか？ ご了承いただければ、速やかに全額返金させていただきます。 もしあなたがご了承いただき、私の厚かましいお願いができれば、 バイヤーに損はないのでバイヤー都合にしてもよろしいでしょうか？」 ちなみに自分でも考えましたが、特に後半おかしいです。 But there was no problem when the previously checked this camera. If I have a checking it now, Slow shutter is sluggish. I'm sorry, Could you allowed to cancel the transaction? If you can understand that, Promptly I will give you a full refund. If you have received cancel order, if my brazen ask, Are you sure you want to buyers convenience since there is no loss to the buyer?
On the morning of 6 August, Austro-Hungarian artillery began shelling Italian infantry as they were drawing nearer. Following the devised plan, four divisions of Italian infantry launched a straight-on frontal assault on Austro-Hungarian trenches, resulting in many soldiers and officers being gunned down by heavy machine-gun fire. With reinforcements, the Italian infantry managed to penetrate through Austro-Hungarian lines, eventually taking the village Doberdò itself. By now, Austrian forces were in desperate need for reinforcements to halt the Italian advance towards Gorizia. The other half of the Italian army attacked Austrian positions from the rear, as planned.
The Austro-Hungarian forces retreated and Gorizia fell to the Italians. They, however, didn't succeed in forcing their way to Trieste, and were stopped northwest of Duino.Fighting culminated on 6 August, when Italian forces under general Luigi Capello launched an attack on Austro-Hungarian positions guarding the main transport road leading from the coast town of Duino to Gorizia. The main objective of the attack was to secure the transport road, thus securing their advance to Gorizia from the south. A plan was drafted by Italian general Luigi Capello, to split the army in half, with one side attacking straight at Austrian positions and the other to attack from the rear.
The Battle of Doberdò was one of the bloodiest battlefields of World War I, fought in August 1916 between the Italian and Austro-Hungarian Armies, composed mostly of Hungarian and Slovenian regiments.The battle, which was part of the Sixth Battle of the Isonzo, took place on a strategic area the westernmost edge of the Karst Plateau. The Italians, who conquered the lowland area around Monfalcone and Ronchi, tried to force themselves over the Karst Plateau in order to gain control over the main road linking the port city of Trieste to the town of Gorizia. After fierce fighting and huge casualties, they succeeded in their attempts.
ビークワイエット と シャラップ は、どちらも「静かにしてください!」と言う意味ですか?
The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade had moved out at dawn, followed by the 5th Mounted Brigade without ambulance support, as the New Zealand Field Ambulance had not returned from Romani and the 5th Mounted Field Ambulance had not yet arrived. Fortunately, casualties were light, and both ambulances arrived in the evening. The 3rd Light Horse Field Ambulance, had formed a dressing station at Bir Nagid to the south of Romani, treating wounded from 3rd Light Horse Brigade's engagement at Bir el Hamisah, a convoy brought in wounded Ottomans from a hod to the south of Romani, and 150 cases of heat exhaustion from infantry in the 42nd Division were treated during the day.
Despite attempts by these two brigades to turn the enemy flank, they were forced to make a frontal attack on strongly entrenched rearguards in positions which favoured the defenders and which were supported by carefully positioned artillery. Meanwhile, the two infantry divisions moved to garrison Katia and Abu Hamra and Lawrence moved his headquarters forward from Kantara to Romani. The 3rd Light Horse Brigade on the right advanced towards Badieh, but could only make small progress, against positions securely held by German and Ottoman forces.
下記サイトに掲載されている歌詞の中で意味が取れないものがあるので、それについて教えて頂きたいです。 http://www.disneyclips.com/lyrics/lyricsfrog4.html 1. 4行目のtakingがtakeでないのはなぜですか？ 2. 9行目 "I've had my share"はI've experiencedに近い意味という捉え方で正しいでしょうか？ 以上です。よろしくお願いします。
下記サイトに掲載されている歌詞の中で意味が取れないものがあるので、それについて教えて頂きたいです。 http://cornel1801.com/disney/Princess-Frog-When-We-re-Human/videosong.html 行数は"If I were a human being"を一行目とみなして数えています。 1. 8行目"this old ex-gator" はどういう意味ですか？ 年をとった前のアリゲイター？だと意味不明ですよね…。 2. 24行目 "When you're done, you're done" はどういう意味ですか？ その直後で、自分たちは楽しむために地球にいるんだ、と言っていますが、どうすれば自然につながるように訳せるでしょうか。 3. 30行目 "tear it up" はどういう意味ですか？ tearは破るだと思うのですが、破るようなものは特に明示されていないと思いますが、慣用的な言い方か何かでしょうか。 4. 32行目 "your modesty becomes you" はどういう日本語に言い換えられますか？ 以上です。よろしくお願いします。
They found Mageibra evacuated on 5 August. After camping there for the night, they fought strong hostile forces between Bayud and Mageibra the following day, but could make no impression. Some days later, on 8 August, the Mobile Column did succeed in getting round the Ottoman flank, but was too weak to have any effect and retired to Bir Bayud. During the previous night, the German and Ottoman force evacuated Katia and was moving towards Oghratina when Chauvel ordered the Anzac Mounted Division to continue the attack. The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades and the 5th Mounted Brigade were ordered to capture Oghratina.
be free of は、「～がないこと」で良く使われます。例えば； Surfaces to be free of flash, gate or eject pin marks 表面にばり、湯口跡、押出しピン跡がないこと。 ofの後には、名詞がきている文章は良く見掛けますが、ofの後に動名詞などは来ても良いのでしょうか？ The product must be free of remaining cleaning agent. 製品に洗浄剤が残っていないことを確認してください。 Lead wires must be free from tensions. リード線はテンションが掛からないこと。 ofの前後は、帰属性と出所性の相互関係のある場合に使用すると理解していました。 the University of Oxford オックスフォード大学のように。 上記の文章はその関係性が見えないと思うので、間違いな英文かなと思うのですが正しいのでしょうか。 さらに、ofとfromの上記（be free of/from)での使い分けは、どのような基準で使い分けをしたらよいのでしょうか。ご教授ください。
英訳をお願いします。 「今年の2月にもメールした有休残時間のことで再度メールさせて頂きます。2月にお伺いした際に、残時間に間違いがあったので修正して頂いています。しかし、現時点での有休の残時間は89時間となっているのですが、少し少ないような気がして自分で再度計算しなおしました。その結果、以下に様になりました。 私の計算が間違っているかもしれませんが、有休の残時間について再度ご確認頂けないでしょうかか？お手数ですが宜しくお願い致します。」 どなたか、英訳を宜しくお願い致します。
アメリカ在住の中国人女性と英語でメールのやり取りをしています。私は英語初心者のため彼女からの文章が上手く理解できません。 どなたか日本語に翻訳してください！どうぞよろしくお願い致します！長文で申し訳ありません… （この女性の職業は家庭教師です。マイケルは旦那さんです。 また、私は食材を使用したアートの写真をSNSにアップしています。） My character is active ,like to make friends . Michael remain me don't too closely with people, they will feel uncomfortable. Maybe they think I want to get adventure from them. But I say I want all my friends happy ,enjoy their life and feeling love. When I see all my friends carry lovely smile, I will feel happy too. I like sharing love with all my friends. I always let my students to know this. I give lots of time , thinking and communication with them. They all are teenagers, never listen to their family. Not reply to messages, knock bedroom and s Unlike go out for public society . I show with them to know they are very important to me. And step by step to let them know your family so worried about them. I can see your food art also let people to know that meaning. Honestly, I think what will you make on this week. Because I feel happy to see it． Haha never seen people like me ,right? Too much comments and suggestions, Michael feels headaches all the time but that is me．
Although they carried out their orders during their two-day march from Pelusium Station to Katia, infantry in the 127th (Manchester) Brigade lost 800 men, victims to thirst and the sun; other infantry brigades suffered similarly. It became clear that the infantry could not go on, and they ceased to be employed in the advance. Indeed, it was necessary for the Bikanir Camel Corps and Yeomanry detachments, as well as the medical services, to search the desert for those who had been left behind.The Mobile Column in the south, consisting of the Imperial Camel Brigade, the 11th Light Horse, and the mounted City of London Yeomanry Regiments (less two squadrons), advanced from Ferdan and the Ballah railhead to attack the German and Ottoman left flank, working through Bir El Mageibra, Bir El Aweidia and Hod El Bayud.
During the night of 5/6 August, infantry in the 155th (South Scottish) Brigade and 157th (Highland Light Infantry) Brigade were at Abu Hamra, the 127th (Manchester) Brigade (42nd Division) at Hod el Enna, the 125th (Lancashire Fusiliers) Brigade (42nd Division) on its left in touch with the 156th (Scottish Rifles) Brigade, (52nd Division) which had its left on Redoubt No. 21. The next morning, infantry in the 42nd Division was ordered to advance eastwards at 04:00 and occupy a line from Bir el Mamluk to Bir Katia, while the 52nd (Lowland) Division was to advance from Abu Hamra and prolong the infantry line of the 42nd Division to the north-east.
By the end of 5 August, they were completely exhausted; their depleted ranks stumbled back to their bivouac lines at Romani and Etmaler where they were ordered one day's rest. Von Kressenstein had prepared successive lines of defence during his advance towards Romani, and despite losing one artillery battery and more than one third of his soldiers, fought a series of effective rearguard actions which slowed the pursuit by British Empire mounted troops and enabled his force to retreat back to El Arish.
toy story3の冒頭で You got a date with justice というセリフがあります。 直訳すると「おまえは判事とデートした」と訳されると思うのですが DVDの字幕では 「判事とデートしろ」 と命令形で訳されていたのですが、 命令形なら Get a date with justice　 となると思うのですが、どうしてこれが命令形で訳されるのでしょうか？ 仮に命令形なら You , get a date with justice なら理解できるのですが、getが過去形になってるのも不思議です。 どうしてもこの文の成り立ちが理解できません。 よろしくお願いします。
The two-day battle for Romani and the Suez Canal had been won by the British infantry and Australian, British and New Zealand mounted troops. They captured approximately 4,000 German and Ottoman combatants and killed more than 1,200, but the main enemy force was able to escape with all their artillery, except for one captured battery, and retreat back to Oghratina after fighting a successful rearguard action at Katia.Having borne the burden of the long days of patrolling, reconnaissance and minor engagements with the advancing Austrian, German and Ottoman columns prior to the battle, the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades had alone withstood the attack from midnight on 3/4 August until dawn on 4 August, as well as continuing to fight during the long days of battle.
If we were to make contact with extraterrestrial civilizations, what might we expect them to like, and be like? What could we learn about them from their aesthetics? Whereas most people foresee great scientific advances flowing from contacts with advanced extraterrestrials, we shall discover that the greatest gains might turn out to be quite different. It is also tempting to adopt a variety of cosmic ageism, which has great expectations about long-lived extraterrestrials. Given world enough and time, we confidently expect them to get closer and closer to uncovering all there is to know about what makes the Universe tick. This optimism may be displaced. If you want to understand the Universe, intelligence and longevity may not be enough. Our own scientific development will be seen to hinge upon a number of extraordinary coincidences about our environment and our view of the sky. (The artful universe by J.D.Barrow） 中間ぐらいにある、 Given world enough and time, we confidently expect them to get closer and closer to uncovering all there is to know about what makes the Universe tick.　 の英文の構造がよくわかりません。 1) 出だしが過去分詞のGiven～で始まっているのですが、Given world enough and timeはどのように意味を取るのでしょうか？　 2) enoughがworld and timeの間に入っているのですが、world and time enoughにはならないのでしょうか？ 3）we confidently expect them to get closer and closer to uncovering allのto get closer and closer toは、～へますます近付く、の意味ですか？そうなると uncoveringの品詞は何になるのでしょうか？allを修飾しているのでしょうか？ 4）all there is to know about what makes the Universe tick.がよくわかりません。 (there is~以下がallにかかるという構造ですか？） there is to do～はbe動詞+to不定詞構文ですか？　だとすると何用法になるのでしょうか？（予定、義務、可能、など） 意味を取るとどうなりますか？ よろしくお願いいたします。
I will let you guys judge if this *NEW teaser will get you pumped or not!
But after galloping to within a few hundred yards of the rearguard's line, they made a dismounted bayonet attack under cover of machine gun fire and the Inverness Battery. As a result, the German and Ottoman force abandoned their position, leaving 425 men and seven machine guns to be captured. But, instead of holding their ground, they drew off, and this withdrawal led to a strong German and Ottoman counterattack falling on the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiment. Darkness finally put an end to the battle. During the night, the Germans, Austrians and Ottomans withdrew back to Oghrantina, while the Anzac Mounted Division watered at Romani, leaving a troop of the Auckland Mounted Rifle Regiment as a listening post on the battlefield.
They galloped in a long line of charging horses, through shell fire and bullets, holding fixed bayonets. On the far left, the intensity of fire from the rearguard, made it necessary for the 5th Mounted Brigade of sword carrying Yeomanry, to send back their horses and advance dismounted. While all the brigades which charged, were eventually forced to attack dismounted also, when the ground became too swampy. They were met by well-directed, heavy German, Austrian and Ottoman artillery fire, which completely outgunned the supporting Ayrshire and Somerset Batteries; by sunset, the advance of the British Empire mounted brigades had been stopped. The 9th Light Horse Regiment (3rd Light Horse Brigade) on the extreme right was held up by a determined German and Ottoman rearguard and was unable to work round the right flank of that position.
『それなら良かった。安心したよ。 でもあなたなら熊に勝てそうだよね』といいたいのですが、 I'm glad to hear that and relieved. But you are likely to win to bear.←可笑しくないでしょうか？ 変なところがあれば教えてくださいm(__)m
It was decided that the three light horse brigades would advance mounted with the Yeomanry to attack the German and Ottoman right flank. The rearguard force made a very determined stand on a well-prepared line, stretching from Bir El Hamisah to Katia and on to Abu Hamra. Their artillery and machine guns were well placed in the palms fringing the eastern side of a great flat marsh, which stretched right across the front of their position, giving them an excellent field of fire.A general mounted attack commenced at 14:30. By 15:30, the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades were advancing at the gallop on Katia. When they had reached the edge of the white gypsum, the light horse and mounted rifle brigades formed a line, fixed bayonets, and charged over the exposed country.
At 10:30, the general mounted advance began and by midday, was on a line from west of Bir Nagid to south of Katib Gannit; in the centre the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade were approaching the south-west edge of the Katia oasis; on their left the 1st, the 2nd Light Horse, the 5th Mounted Brigades and infantry in the 52nd (Lowland) Division were attacking Abu Hamra, to the north of the old caravan road, while the 3rd Light Horse Brigade was away to the New Zealander's right, south of the old caravan road, attacking German and Ottoman units at Bir el Hamisah. Between 12:00 and 13:00, the commanders of the New Zealand Mounted Rifle, 1st and 2nd Light Horse and 5th Mounted Brigades reconnoitred the German, Austrian and Ottoman rearguard position 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Katia.
At 06:30, when Lawrence ordered Chauvel to take command of all mounted troops (excluding the Mobile Column), the New Zealand Mounted Rifles, the 5th Mounted and the 3rd Light Horse Brigades were somewhat scattered. By 08:30, the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade had reached Bir en Nuss; there they found the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, which had been ordered to move first on Hamisah and then left towards Katia to cooperate in a general attack. The advance guard moved to fulfill these orders at 09:00.
As a result, Kress von Kressenstein was able to extricate most of his troops and heavy guns from the immediate battle area during the day. Although it has been stated that "British reserves hammered" the Germans and Ottomans to a halt on 5 August, it appears one of the infantry divisions was reluctant to leave their defences; neither infantry division were trained in desert warfare and found the sand dunes extremely difficult to negotiate. They could not match the pace and endurance of the well-trained German and Ottoman force and were hampered by water supply problems.
The 42nd Division was ordered to advance to Hod el Enna; their 127th (Manchester) Brigade marched out at 07:30 and reached Hod el Enna between 09:30 and 10:00, while their 125th (Lancashire Fusiliers) Brigade arrived at 11:15. They were supported by the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps, which worked with the Army Service Corps to supply them with drinking water. In much distress in the scorching midsummer sands, infantry in the 42nd Division marched very slowly and far in the rear. The 52nd (Lowland) Division also experienced difficulties; although Lawrence ordered the division to move at 06:37, the men did not leave their trenches until nearly midday, reaching their objective of Abu Hamra late in the evening.
私は嬉しかった,と誰かがいいました。を""を使わずに言うと、 Someone said he was happy( at that time).であってますか？ その誰かが「私はうれしかった」と言ったと言う意味です。
いつもありがとうございます。 下記英訳をお願いいたします。 １．日本に来たら、必ず連絡してね。 　　※Make sure を使うとどうなりますか？ 「必ず」はどのように表現するよいでしょうか。 　　Please let me know when you come to Japan. 　　 ２．私、寝る時間削ってでも 貴方に会いたいもの(ハート) 　　寝る時間削る：cut down sleeping hours 　　「　～してでも」のニュアンスはどのように表現するよいでしょうか。 　　Even if I cut down sleeping hours, I would love to see you(ハート) 　　　で合ってますか？
下記の文の英訳をお願い致します ↓↓↓ 久しぶり 元気？ 最近、インスタグラムもフェイスブックも更新してないみたいだし、どうしてるのかなと心配になり、メールしました。 私の方は、元気です。 海ばかり行ってるから、真っ黒に日焼けして夏を満喫してます。 あなたが元気でいることを心より祈ってます。 ↑↑↑ 以上です よろしくお願い致します
By 05:30, the main German and Ottoman force was in a disorganised retreat towards Katia, with the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades and the Ayrshire and Leicestershire batteries not far behind. At 06:00, a further 119 men surrendered to the infantry in No. 3 Redoubt; while these prisoners were being dealt with, it became apparent that they were part of a rearguard and that a full retreat was under way. At 06:30, Lawrence ordered Chauvel to take command of all troops and to initiate a vigorous general advance eastwards.
After clearing Wellington Ridge, the mounted riflemen, light horsemen and infantrymen pressed forward from ridge to ridge without pause. These troops swept down on a body of about 1,000 to 1,500 Ottoman soldiers, who became demoralised. As a result of this attack, a white flag was hoisted and by 05:00 the German and Ottoman soldiers who had stubbornly defended their positions on Wellington Ridge, dominating the camps at Romani, were captured. A total of 1,500 became prisoners in the neighbourhood of Wellington Ridge; 864 soldiers surrendered to infantry in the 8th Scottish Rifles alone, while others were captured by the light horse and mounted rifles regiments.
いつも大変お世話になっております。 早速ではございますが， 「Card A に感想を書いてください。」 を英語にした場合，どれがよろしいでしょうか？ (1) Please write the Card A. (2) Please write your impressions in the Card A. (3) Please fill in the Card A. 間違いがあればぜひご指摘ください。また他にもありましたらご教授ください。
いつもお世話になっております。 早速ですが， Stand up, please. Stand up please. I like it, too. I like it too. などカンマがあるものとないものがありますが，正用法はどちらなのでしょうか？ ご教示ください。
I still have a ways to go before I'm where I wanna be but I'm glad to say no matter what weight I am... I know my worth and that's all that matters.
I always hated growing up heavier... Hearing people say that I shouldn't eat this or that because they could see I've gained weight... Or being happy with yourself when you look into the mirror but turning around seeing people not like you for your physical appearance, watching them turn away because of your love handles and round face...
英語に翻訳をお願いできますでしょうか。 アメリカの友人にシャツ2枚の小包みを送るのですが、すっかり遅くなってしまって、その連絡文です。 辞書を引いて文章を考えていては遅くなりそうなのでご協力いただけないでしょうか。 「連絡遅くなってごめんね！ 約束していたTシャツを今日EMSで発送しました！ 気に入ってくれると嬉しいです！ 追伸 あなたのサイトで売っていたステッカーがかっこよかったので今度注文するね！ サイトもかっこよくてびっくりしたよ！自分で作ったの？ それではよろしくお願いします！」
American military universityの意味をくわしくお教え下さいませ。
At daybreak, infantry in the 8th Scottish Rifles, 156th (Scottish Rifles) Brigade, 52nd (Lowland) Division) advanced with the 7th Light Horse and the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiments (2nd Light Horse Brigade), covered by infantry in the 7th Scottish Rifles, 156th (Scottish Rifles) Brigade, 52nd (Lowland) Division on the left, who had brought 16 machine guns and Lewis guns into a position from which they could sweep the crest and reverse slopes of Wellington Ridge. The Wellington Mounted Rifle Regiment, with the 7th Light Horse Regiment and supported on the left by Scottish Rifles' infantry posts, fixed bayonets and stormed Wellington Ridge. They encountered heavy rifle and machine gun fire, but rushed up the sandy slope and quickly broke through the German and Ottoman front line.
Their situation was now precarious, as their main attacking force was well past the right of the main British infantry positions; infantry in the 52nd (Lowland) Division was closer to the nearest enemy-controlled water source at Katia than most of the attacking force. Had the British infantry left their trenches promptly and attacked in a south easterly direction, von Kressenstein's force would have had great difficulty escaping.
Is a long trip to stay just a short time 調べてもわかりませんでした。 私はメキシコに2週間彼のシェアハウスに滞在する予定でしたが今シェアハウスが埋まってしまい ホテルに滞在になるかも？となりました。ホテルの場合全て彼が払う＆自分も一緒にホテルに泊まる！私ががお金を出すことゎ拒否します。その為負担を少しでも減らしたく「ホテルの場合私が滞在期間を短くしようかな？と少し考えただけです」お金の面でもありますが、と提案しました。 滞在先は俺が探す！心配するな！ あなたは滞在期間変更しますか？ と言って来た後にIs a long trip to stay just a short timeと彼が言ったのですが これだけ意味がわかりません↓ 教えて下さい！！ 結局滞在期間短くして欲しい！のお願いですか？
お世話になっております。 クイズの答え方の英語表現を教えてください。 出題者：英語の問題（答えがバナナ（１本）になる問題） 解答者：I know it is a banana. こんなやりとりがありました。 I know....という表現はおかしいと思いますが.....。また，小学生の英語活動ではどんな表現にしたらよいでしょうか？ よろしくお願いいたします。
教えてください。 in-depth, rigorous training とは、 どのような意味になりますか？ よろしくお願いします。
日本語を英訳しなさい。 『音楽を聴きませんか。』 解答欄は、(　　　　) (　　　　) we listen to music? と、2語を埋めるようになっています。 助動詞の単元の問題なので、Shall we・・・・？かと思ったんですが、語数が足りません。 Let's ・・・・も、おかしいし、悩んでいます。 どうか、正解を教えてください。
52nd (Lowland) Division to move in close support of Anzac Mounted Division's left flank towards Mount Meredith and to prepare for a general advance towards Abu Hamra which was not to be undertaken until further orders from Lawrence at No. 3 Section Headquarters. Meanwhile, the German, Austrian and Ottoman force was now spread from Hill 110 almost to Bir en Nuss, but with their left flank unprotected. They could not have been in good shape after fighting all the previous day in intense midsummer heat and having to remain in position overnight, far from water and harassed by British infantry.
However, Lawrence's orders for a general advance on 5 August beginning at 04:00 included an advance by the Anzac Mounted Division.His orders read:Anzac Mounted Division to press forward with its right on the Hod el Enna and its left in close touch with the infantry from the 156th (Scottish Rifles) Brigade, 52nd (Lowland) Division, advancing on the line Katib Gannit to Mount Meredith.3rd Light Horse Brigade to move towards Bir el Nuss and attack Hod el Enna from the south keeping in close touch with the Anzac Mounted Division.5th Mounted Brigade, under orders of 42nd Infantry Division to assist the 3rd Light Horse Brigade's link with the Anzac Mounted Division's right.
「Hi!! Can add me in my fb:)」 インスタで↑というコメントが来たんですがどういう意味ですか？ フォローしてって意味ですかね？？
小売業における実店舖の重要性についての文中の下記二文がわかりません。 「実店舗は、主要な販売経路として、もしくは広域における卸売、フランチャイズ、オンライン・ビジネスなどをサポートするブランド・運営の歯車として機能することができる。」という一文の後に続きます。 In particular, retailers which migrate sales online by opening click and collect stores (a huge growth area), may be prepared to tolerate higher costs due to the combined online and offline turnover for the business. In this instance, the contribution to the business may not be reflected through till takings alone, as click and collect is often classified as an online transaction. オンラインビジネスを実店舗がサポートする例として、click&collect（ネットで商品を注文し、店舗で受け取る）システムについて書いてあるのかと推測していますが、正しい和訳がわかりません。 どなたかご教示いただけないでしょうか。
あることで以下のメールが送られてきました。ネイティヴな英語が入っているため訳が難しく英語が堪能な方教えてください。 Ask yourself is it truly a big deal that money or feelings were affected..? No huh just leave me the fuck alone.
英語で「さらに表示」がよくわかりません。「Show more」であってますか？
下記の翻訳をお願いできますか？ よろしくお願いします。 海外の友人の結婚式での文章ですが、素敵な事を言っているのは分かるのですが、ちゃんとした意味を知りたいのです。 Our wedding day will not be that memorable without your support, love and presence. Allow us to thank you guys as well as your whole family for spending some of your precious time with us for being a part of our Special day.
下記の文でのwhichの文の要素についてと間接疑問文の語順についてお尋ねします。 ・以下の疑問文で、which と the best way は それぞれ文の要素(S,C)は何になりますか。 　Which is the best way? ・上の文が間接疑問文中に置かれたとき、語順は(1)と(2)のどちらが正しいですか？ 　(1)I don't know which is the best way. 　(2)I don't know which the best way is. 並べ替えの問題で、正解がThere is no telling which *is* the best way. という文を見て、なぜThere is no telling which the best way *is*.とならないのだろうと疑問に思い調べ始めたところ、手元の参考書に、Who is that man? （who=C, that man=S ）となっていて、間接疑問文では語順が変わり、Please tell me who that man *is*.と書いてありました。同様に、Which is the best way? のwhich が補語であるなら、間接疑問文では語順が変わり、I don't know which the best way is.となると考えられます。 間接疑問文のルールに従うと、疑問詞自体が動詞の主語になっている場合は間接疑問文でも語順が変わらない。（*Who baked* this cake? →Do you know *who baked* this cake?） who, what, which は疑問代名詞でそのまま動詞の主語になれるとのことなので、そう考えるとThere is no telling which is the best way.(正解の文)は納得できるのですが、なぜWhich is the best way? のwhich は補語ではなく主語になるのでしょうか？（Who is that man? と同じ考え方をしていいのなら、Which is the best way? 『*最良の方法は*どれか？』で、このwhichも補語が正しい気がします。） 訳し方によって文の要素が変わるのでしょうか。たとえば、Which is the best way? を「*最良の方法は*どれか？」と訳すとwhich=C, the best way=Sとなり、「*どれが* 最良の方法か？」と訳すとwhich=S, the best way=Cとなる、など…。 文法が得意な方、Which is the best way? でのwhich は主語なのか補語なのか、間接疑問文の中でこのwhich以下 はどういう語順になるのか教えてください。よろしくお願いいたします。
関係代名詞の所有格のところです(中学)。 (1) He was talking with a girl whose eyes were blue. 　　(彼は青い目の女の子と話していました) なぜ、whose eyes were blue　とbe動詞が過去形のwereになっているのですか？ were を are にして He was talking with a girl whose eyes are blue. としてはダメなのでしょうか。 もう一つの例文では (2) She introduced me a man whose wife is a painter. 　(彼女は妻が画家である男の人を私に紹介しました) と wife is a painter と be動詞が現在形になっています。 こちらは理解できるのです。 解説よろしくお願いします。
Within 24 hours, British commanders were able to concentrate a force of 50,000 men in the Romani area, a three to one advantage. This force included the two infantry divisions – the 52nd and the newly arrived 42nd – four mounted brigades, two of which had been on active duty since 20 July, and two heavily engaged on the front line the day before, and may have included the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, although it was still at Hill 70, and the Mobile Column at Hod el Bada. At this time, command of the 5th Mounted Brigade passed from the Anzac Mounted Division to the infantry division; the 42nd Division, it being suggested that orders required the Anzac Mounted Division to remain in position, and that the 3rd Light Horse Brigade alone was to make a flank attack.
The 3rd Light Horse Brigade halted at Hill 70, while the Mobile Force had reached the Hod el Bada, 14 miles (23 km) south of Romani station. At 19:30, when the New Zealand Mounted Rifle and 5th Mounted Brigades moved from the positions they had won to water and rest at Pelusium, the area was consolidated by infantry in the 127th (Manchester) Brigade, 42nd Division. Brigadier General Girdwood ordered infantry in the 7th and 8th Scottish Rifles Battalions to hold their ground on Wellington Ridge until daylight, but to keep close contact with the enemy during the night in the hope of capturing large numbers of tired and disorganised soldiers in the morning.
Just before 19:00, infantry in the 7th and 8th Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) moved south from behind No. 23 Redoubt; the 8th Scottish Rifles advancing to within 100 yards (91 m) of the crest of Wellington Ridge, before being stopped by heavy rifle fire.When darkness put an end to the fighting, the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades established an outpost line and spent the night on the battlefield, while the New Zealand Mounted Rifles and 5th Mounted Brigades withdrew for water and rations at Pelusium Station, where the newly arrived infantry brigades of the 42nd Division were assembling.
英語に訳して下さいm(_ _)m 8月12日ですが、サンフランシスコに住んでいるビジネスパートナーが御社まで車で送ってくれる事になりました。 午前11時位に着くと思います。 彼が通訳をしてくれます。 あなたに会える事を今から楽しみにしています。
和訳の質問です。 小売企業が海外進出する際、フランチャイズ・システムを用いる場合があるという文のなかの一文です。 The franchise route to market can help reduce market risk, but can also expose a retailer to risks around brand control and aligned interests. brand controlとaligned interestsの意味、またbut以下の文全体が読み取れません。 どなたかご教示いただけないでしょうか。 宜しくお願い致します。
「things got switched around」という言葉をよく目にしますが、意味を教えてください。 宜しくお願いします。
Meanwhile, the inner flank of the German and Ottoman force on Wellington Ridge made a last effort to advance across the ridge, but was driven back by artillery fire. Fresh frontal attacks launched against the main British infantry system of redoubts broke down completely. At 17:05, Major General Smith ordered infantry in the 156th (Scottish Rifles) Brigade to attack the enemy force on Wellington Ridge on the left of the light horse and in coordination with the counterattack on Mount Royston. An artillery bombardment of Wellington Ridge began at 18:45.
From the crest of the spur, the Gloucestershire squadron shot down the horse teams of an Austrian, German or Ottoman battery of pack guns concentrated in the hollow behind the spur, and the attacking force began to surrender. The New Zealand Mounted Rifle and 5th Mounted Brigades were supported by leading infantry battalions of the 127th (Manchester) Brigade (which had just arrived) when Ottoman and German soldiers began to surrender en masse. At about 18:00, 500 prisoners, two machine guns and the pack battery were captured, and the outer flank of the attacking force was completely routed.
「～のアトリエ」の英語を教えてください
For an individual belonging to that culture, such works are, using UNESCO's terminology, part of an "artistic and cultural patrimony." ここのforはどういう意味でしょうか。理由のforでしょうか？～にとっては、という意味のforでしょうか？ It seems reasonable that the government of Mali, within whose borders the Djenne-jeno antiquities are buried, be the one to regulate excavating Djenne-jeno and to decide where the statues should go. whoseはMali's bordersということですか？でもwithinがあるのでwithin Maliなのですよね？whoseの先行詞はどれでしょうか。 またisではなくbe the oneでbeとなっているのはなぜでしょうか？
英語で「今日のご飯は～です」を教えてください
At the most critical period of the day's fighting, when the German and Ottoman force of 2,000 dominated the Romani area from Mount Royston, the five mounted brigades (still less the 5th Light Horse Regiment) began their counterattack at 14:00 from the west towards Mount Royston.The New Zealand riflemen soon gained a footing on Mount Royston, aided by accurate and rapid shooting from the Somerset Royal Horse Artillery Battery. By 16:00, the attack had proceeded to a point where Chaytor arranged with the 5th Mounted Brigade for a squadron of Royal Gloucestershire Hussars and two troops of the Worcestershire Yeomanry to gallop against the southern spur of Mount Royston. They easily took the spur, the defenders not waiting for the onslaught of the mounted charge.
The 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades first made contact with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade by heliograph, after which Royston, commanding the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, galloped across to explain the situation. Chaytor then moved the Auckland and Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiments, supported by the Somerset Battery, onto high ground between the right of the light horse and the Yeomanry, which was shortly afterwards joined by the remainder of the 5th Mounted Brigade under the command of Brigadier General Wiggin.
When the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade's headquarters and the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiments were within 1 mile (1.6 km) of Dueidar on the old caravan road, they were ordered to move directly to Canterbury Hill, the last defensible position in front of the railway, east of Pelusium Station, as the strong German and Ottoman attack was threatening to take the railway and Romani. The Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment arrived with its brigade between 11:00 and 11:30 to find the Composite Yeomanry Regiment (5th Mounted Yeomanry Brigade) in contact with the German and Ottoman forces on the south-west side of Mount Royston.
英検準１程度のレベルの方がメールなどの英作をしていて、 たとえば、高頻度で、書こうとした際、with high frequencyと浮かんだとします。 これは正解だと思いますが、このようなひらめきは、日本人の場合当てになるものでしょうか？ 失敗も多いでしょうか？ 語彙が多い、などは失敗しそうですが準１レベルならまぁ知っているレベルです。 そう言うところから生み出されるひらめきが当てになるかと言うことですね。 よろしくお願い致します。
昔、辞書をまるまる通読した先生がいて、辞書（英和かどうかは不明）に載っている語で私が知らない単語は無いとおっしゃっていました。 日本人の一般的な語彙力は12000程度、ある程度、例えばこの程度か２～３万語とかで頭打ちになると聞きましたが、ネイティブ発音ではなかったその先生が、（例えば高校生が一般的に使う）辞書に載っている語で私が知らない単語は無いと言うのは、あり得る話ですか？ 日本人でも国語辞典の大半を知らないと思いますが。
こんにちはー。 質問はタイトルづばりです。 週に一度の30分や40分の授業で英会話が上達するんでしょうか？ スクール側はどう考えてるんでしょか？ 講師も母国で仕事のない方ばかりと人に聞きましたが本当でしょうか？
August　は一年の８番目の月です。というのは August is the 8th month of the year. でいいのだろうと思いますが、 August　は一年の何番目の月ですか？　という疑問文はどのように表現すればよいのでしょうか？
よろしくお願いいたします。 「彼女のサーブはすごい。」の英訳ですが、 Her service is wonderful. は適訳でしょうか？サーブとはこの場合、バレーボールのサーブのことです。 なんとなく卑猥な感じにも聞こえるかと思うので、お尋ねしている次第です。
The plan called for the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades, the 5th Mounted and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades to swing round the attackers' left flank and envelop them. The first reinforcements to arrive were the Composite Regiment of the 5th Mounted Brigade; they came up on the flank of their mounted regiment; the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars' "D" Squadron 1,500 yards (1,400 m) west of Mount Royston, which was being attacked by a strong body of Ottoman soldiers. The regiment attacked the Ottomans in enfilade and forced them back.
ある英語の教材に， You can't afford to make the mistakes that big investors can. とあります． that は目的格の関係代名詞だとすると， ~that big investors can make　( or do )． のように動詞が必要なような気がします． どうなのでしょうか？
At 10:00, the front held by the two light horse brigades faced south from a point 700 yards (640 m) northwest of No. 22 Redoubt north of Wellington Ridge to the sand hills north of Mount Royston. As the line had fallen back, the 2nd and 3rd Light Horse Regiments (1st Light Horse Brigade) had come in between the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments (2nd Light Horse Brigade); from right to left, the line was now held by the 6th, 3rd, 2nd and 7th Light Horse and the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiments, while 1 mile (1.6 km) north north-west of Mount Royston, "D" Squadron of the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars (a regiment in the 5th Mounted Brigade) held its ground.
Meanwhile, the 3rd Light Horse Brigade at Ballybunion was directed to move forward to Hill 70 and send one regiment to Dueidar, while the Mobile Column was ordered by GHQ to march towards Mageibra. The German, Austrian and Ottoman attack on Mount Royston was checked to the north by the 3rd and 6th Light Horse Regiments (1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades), and under constant bombardment from the horse artillery and the infantry's heavy artillery of the 52nd (Lowland) Division.
I am not able to do it.は　 I cannot do it.とどのように違いますか？ よろしくお願いします
However, one of the few books available on every continent is a cookbook written for beginners. ここのfewは少しもないという意味でしょうか？a fewなら少しはある、だと思うのですが...
At 07:25, Lawrence ordered the New Zealand Mounted Rifle Brigade consisting of brigade headquarters and the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiment (less the Auckland Mounted Rifles and the attached 5th Light Horse Regiments, 2nd Light Horse Brigade), to move towards Mount Royston via Dueidar and there, pick up the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment. The Yeomanry and New Zealand brigades had both been stationed at Hill 70, 12 miles (19 km) from Romani, when their orders to move were received. The New Zealanders were to "operate vigorously so as to cut off the enemy, who appears to have got round the right of the Anzac Mounted Division."
Chaytor, commander of the New Zealander Mounted Rifles Brigade, had been advised of the Austrian, German and Ottoman advance against Romani at 02:00. By 05:35, Lawrence at his headquarters of the Northern No. 3 Canal Defences Sector at Kantara, had been informed of the developing attack. He recognised that the main blow was falling on Romani and ordered the 5th Mounted Yeomanry Brigade at Hill 70 to move towards Mount Royston. They were led by a Composite Regiment, which moved off at once, the remainder of the brigade preparing to follow.
"Signore?" I blink. The young man, the waiter from across the square, is right beside me, staring at me with a look that is half amusement, half concern. I wonder for an instant how long he has been there. "Signore, there is no other bus here for a long time. Where is it you want to go?" He speaks in English, and again there is a little surge of petulance in me. But then I remember how I must look---more so now, with the shoulders of my pale jacket splotched with rainwater, and rain running over my face, standing as if frozen to the spot. I shake my head. "No. I'm not going anywhere. I was just---thinking. I'm all right." He raises his eyebrows. "Your Italian is excellent," he says, switching languages. "I used to live here," I say. "In Italy?" I can't help smiling a little. His accent gives him away; he comes from the city, not this little town. He is more an outsider than I am. "No," I say. "Here, in Altesa. I grew up here." "Really?" he says, politely. I nod. "Before your time, I should think." "Ah," he says. "Well, come in for a drink some time, yes?" Guy BurtのThe Dandelion Clockからの英文です。 *********************************************************** rain running over my face, standing as if frozen to the spot のstanding as if frozen to the spotというのは、どんな状態なのでしょうか？ 最後の "Before your time, I should think."はどんなことを言っているのでしょうか。 教えてください。お願いします。
touchとcontactの意味に違いはありますか？ よろしくお願いします。
At this time, the attacking forces held a line running from the Bardawil (on the Mediterranean coast) southward along the front of the 52nd Infantry Division's entrenchments and then westward through and including the very large sand dunes of Mount Meredith and Mount Royston. But from their position on Mount Royston, the German, Austrian and Ottoman force dominated the camp area of Romani and threatened the railway line.
The three columns of the German, Austrian and Ottoman attacking force were brought to a standstill by the coordinated, concerted and determined defence of the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades and the 52nd (Lowland) Division. The Ottoman advance was at a standstill everywhere. After a long night's march, the German and Ottoman troops faced a difficult day under the desert sun without being able to replenish their water and exposed to artillery fire from Romani.
品質管理に関する英文を読んで入るのですが、なかなか理解に手こずり読み進めていくのが困難でして、英文に詳しい方の助力を頂きたく投稿させていただきます。 原文: There are features that cannot be achieved, 100% inspection of that feature shall be implemented except for features controlled by the tooling ; e.g. casting tooling, plastic moulding tooling, stamping, fine blanking, may be planned to be off center, to achieve tool life requirements or functional requirements these geometries are controlled by the tooling. あと2文続きます。長文で申し訳ありません。 This tooling shall be considered 100% inspection, discrete by tool, cavity, and mould. For these features a sampling plan shall be introduced to measure at designated frequency to confirm the feature is controlled by the tooling and distribution remains fixed. 大変長くなりましたが、よろしくお願い致します。
we could be like the first sticker :p Except I wouldn't be scared I would kiss you. ↑翻訳してくださいm(__)m
ゲットやオープンのようにマスコミがよく使うカタカナ語かと思いますが、ご自身のご経験からこれは使えると便利という動詞を教えていただけますか。
Contrary to popular belief, the past was not more eventful than the present. If seems so it is because when you look backward things that happened years apart are telescoped together, and because very few of your memories come to you genuinely virgin. It is largely because of the books, films and reminiscences that have come between that the war of 1914-18 is now supposed to have had some tremendous, epic quality that the present one lacks. 上記の英文の中の以下の部分についてなのですが、 It is largely because of the books, films and reminiscences that have come between that the war of 1914-18 is now supposed to have had some tremendous, epic quality that the present one lacks. 訳は、 『第一次世界大戦が、現在には見られない何かものすごい叙事詩的な性質をもっていたと思われているのは、おおかた大戦後に続いて出された書物や映画や回顧録などのせいだ。』 になっていたのですが、 大戦後に続いて出された、の箇所はhave come betweenのところになるのでしょうか？ come betweenを調べると"間に入る"と出てくるのですが、 なぜ、大戦後に続いて出された、となるのでしょうか？ お手数ですが教えて下さい。 よろしくお願いいたします。 ----My Country Right or Left： George Orwell
The light horse had gradually withdrawn back until, at about 11:00, the main German and Ottoman attack was stopped by well directed fire from the Royal Horse Artillery batteries of the Anzac Mounted Division and by light horse rifle and machine gun fire, to which the 52nd (Lowland) Division contributed considerable firepower. The attackers appeared to have exhausted themselves, but they held their ground while Austrian and Ottoman artillery of various calibres, including 5.9" and 10.5 cm guns, fired on the defenders and their camps, and German and Ottoman aircraft severely bombed the defenders.
At about 10:00, Chauvel contacted Brigadier General E. S. Girdwood, commanding 156th Infantry Brigade, requesting his brigade temporarily relieve the light horse brigades until they had watered their horses in preparation for a mounted counterattack. Girdwood refused because his brigade was being held in reserve to support an intended attack eastward by infantry in the 52nd (Lowland) Division.
It became apparent that the German and Ottoman right column, (31st Infantry Regiment) was attempting a frontal attack on redoubts held by infantry in the 52nd (Lowland) Division. The defenders were able to hold on, but were subjected to severe artillery shelling during the day.[64] Frontal attacks began with heavy German or Austrian fire by their artillery which attempted to breach the infantry defensive line. About 08:00, attacks were being made on Numbers 4 and 5 redoubts which began with heavy artillery fire, but the attacks broke completely when the 31st Ottoman Infantry Regiment were within 150 yards (140 m) of No. 4 redoubt; subsequent attempts were less successful.
They were pushed back between Wellington Ridge and Mount Royston, about 2.25 miles (3.62 km) west of the former; the attackers continually forcing back their right flank. Between 05:00 and 06:00, they were compelled to also retire slowly from this ridge, although the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiment (2nd Light Horse Brigade) still held the western edge. At 06:15, Meredith was ordered to withdraw the 1st Light Horse Brigade behind the line occupied by the 7th Light Horse Regiment north of Etmaler camp. At 07:00, the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments retired, squadron by squadron, from the remainder of Wellington Ridge.
I can help you with the avi 内容は分かるんですが、aviってなんの事ですか？
下記の英語の意味の違いが分かりません。，が付くか付かないかの違いなのですが。教えて下さいませ。 ・Rika is taking care of two babies ， who are crying. ・Rika is taking care of two babies who are crying
お世話になっております。 早速ですが，以下の日本語の英語訳を教えていただけますでしょうか？ 「この商品，日本円でいくら安くなりましたか？」 how many yen, how much yen, などなど苦しんでいます。 よろしくお願いいたします。
”やったあ！1曲つくれた(作曲できた)！” と英語で言うのはなんていったらいいですか？ I wrote a song! でいいのでしょうか？ もっと喜びを表したいのですが…
Having been held south of Romani, the German and Ottoman force attempted a further outflanking manoeuvre to the west, concentrating 2,000 troops around Mount Royston another sand dune, south-west of Romani. At 05:15, the Ottoman 31st Infantry Regiment pushed forward; then the 32nd and the 39th Infantry Regiments swung around the left and into the British rear. This outflanking movement was steadily progressing along the slopes of Mount Royston and turning the right of the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, whose third regiment, the Wellington Mounted Rifles, was now also committed to the front line. The two brigades of light horse continued to gradually withdraw, pivoting on the extreme right of the infantry position, which covered the left flank and rear of Romani.
German, Austrian or Ottoman artillery now opened fire on the infantry defences and camps in the rear; shrapnel inflicted some losses, but the high explosive shells were smothered by the soft sand. The attackers succeeded in forcing the light horse off Wellington Ridge, which placed them within 700 metres (2,300 ft) of the Romani camp. However, they were unable to press further, as they now became exposed to machine gun and rifle fire from the entrenched infantry of the 52nd (Lowland) Division, and shelling from the horse artillery supporting the light horsemen's determined defence.
Daylight revealed the weakness of the light horse defenders in their second position on Wellington Ridge and that their right was outflanked by strong German and Ottoman forces. At 04:30, the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. R. Royston, was ordered up by Chauvel from Etmaler and went into action in front of Mount Royston to support and prolong the 1st Light Horse Brigade's right flank by moving up the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments into the front line.
However, it is not clear how far this outlook extended beyond these activists. Without a better understanding of the political implications of important variables such as patterns of bilingualism and rates of Mexican immigration and naturalization, and the variations in ethnic consciousness these variables help to create, one cannot assume that an increase in the proportion of Mexican Americans born in the U.S. necessarily resulted in an increase in the ethnic Mexican population's political activism. この文を訳すとどうなるでしょうか。特に and the variations in ethnic consciousness these variables help to createの部分がよくわかりませんでした。variationsとvariablesはここでは別物をさしているのでしょうか？
By 03:30, all light horsemen south of Mount Meredith had been forced back to their led horses and had succeeded in disengaging and falling back to their second position. Soon after, an Ottoman machine gun was shooting down on the light horse from Mount Meredith.Chauvel had relied on the steadiness of the 1st Light Horse Brigade, which he had commanded during the Gallipoli campaign, to hold the line against greatly superior numbers for four hours until dawn, when the general situation could be assessed.
「ABC株式会社」の英語表記と、「代表取締役・社長」の英語表記としては、例えば次のものが可能と思います。 ABC Co.,Ltd. President and Representative director それで、質問ですが、「ABC株式会社の代表取締役」の英語表記は、次のように、上記の2つの単語を「of」で結べはよいのでしょうか? President and Representative director of ABC Co.,Ltd.
The 1st Light Horse Brigade was eventually forced back; withdrawing slowly, troop covering troop with steady accurate fire, staving off a general attack with the bayonet to their fall-back position; a large east/west sand dune called Wellington Ridge at the southern edge of the Romani encampment. During the retirement to Wellington Ridge, the covering squadrons on the left near Katib Gannit were also attacked, as was the squadron on the right, which was taken in the flank and suffered considerable loss, but managed to hold its ground until the position in its rear was occupied.
意味を教えてください。 They have higher, more stable self-esteem that is less dependent on external factors. よろしくお願いします。
どれも危険の意味を持つ単語ですが、dangerとriskとhazardの使い方の違いを教えてください。 よろしくお願いします。
The only two specimens bird so far found were so unlike any ordinary bird in their construction~ このtwo specimens bird の名詞の並び方がしゃくぜんとしません。two bird specimensではいけないのでしょうか？
【日本語？英語？】「ポケットモンスターは男性器を意味するスラング」 ポケットモンスターが男性器を意味するスラングなのは日本語のスラングですか？英語のスラングですか？ なぜポケットモンスターが男性器を意味するんですか？
The Ottoman centre and left columns were skilfully led round the open flank of the infantry's entrenchments and on towards the camp and railway. After the moon had set at around 02:30, the Germans and Ottomans made a bayonet charge on Mount Meredith. Although vastly outnumbered, the light horsemen fought an effective delaying action at close quarters, but were forced to relinquish ground slowly and to ultimately evacuate the position by 03:00. Without the benefit of moon light, the light horsemen had fired at the flashes of the enemy's rifles until they were close enough to use bayonets.
A shot or two fired out in the desert to the south-east of their position put the long piquet line of the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Regiment (1st Light Horse Brigade) on alert about midnight, when the 3rd Light Horse Regiment (1st Light Horse Brigade) was called up to the front line. The Austrian, German and Ottoman advance paused after finding the gullies held by the light horsemen, but at about 01:00, a sudden heavy burst of fire along the whole front began the attack of the considerably superior Ottoman and German forces, and by 02:00 they had in many places advanced to within 50 yards (46 m) of the Australian line.
Just before midnight on 3/4 August, three columns of the German Pasha I and the 4th Ottoman Army, consisting of about 8,000 men, began their attack on an outpost line held by the 1st Light Horse Brigade three and a half hours after the return of the 2nd Light Horse Brigade from their regular daytime patrol. In addition to the usual officers patrols left out overnight to monitor the enemy's positions, Chauvel decided to leave out for the night the whole of the 1st Light Horse Brigade to hold an outpost line of about 3 miles (4.8 km), covering all entrances to the sandhill plateau which formed the Romani position and which were not protected by infantry posts.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新商品の案内がきたのですがその事で相手にメールをしたいと思います。すみませんが下記の英文を教えてください。お願いします。 この書類は去年あなた達からもらった物です。 今度の新作はこの書類に出てる物が新作になるのですか？
The retiring force was pursued by the Anzac Mounted Division between 6 and 9 August, during which the Ottomans and Germans forces fought a number of strong rearguard actions against the advancing Australian light horse, British yeomanry and New Zealand mounted rifle brigades. The pursuit ended on 12 August, when the German and Ottoman force abandoned their base at Bir el Abd and retreated back to El Arish.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。在庫の確認の事で相手にメールをしていました。私は欲しい商品を添付ファイルの画像で送っていました。その事で相手から返事がきたのですがすみませんが意味を教えてください。お願いします。 I’m sorry to hear that you’re not interested in these styles since these could be shipped from LA. Which other products are you referring to? Can you send me the SKUs? There was no attachment in your e-mail…
いつもありがとうございます。 英訳をおしえていただけませんでしょうか。 和文：このゲームは、ポケモンGOよりも面白いよ。 本の場合のように、interestingだと堅い感じがしました。スマホゲームの場合は、どのような形容詞がよいでしょうか。 この本はあの本より面白い。 This book is more interesting than that book
You're part of LSPD! You should add on your bio & tag the new LSPD account. どういう意味でしょうか？
単・熟語帳の単語には発音記号がありますが、同じ本の熟語には（読めないような単語で構成にも）発音記号が書いてないことってほとんどと思いますが、なぜだと思いますか？ 面倒だからと著者が手を抜いているのでしょうか？
newsweekの記事 http://www.newsweek.com/health-life-link-between-sleep-and-memory-77579 を読みました。 ここで、質問です。 (1)It wasn't so long ago that the rueful joke in research circles was that everyone knew sleep had something to do with memory—except for the people who study sleep and the people who study memory. 研究者間で悲しげなジョークとして睡眠の研究や記憶の研究をしている人を除き、誰もが睡眠は記憶と伴い何かをしてきたことを知っているというものがあるが、これはそう古い考えではない。 と訳しましたが意味不明になりました。ここでは何が言いたいのかわかりませんでした。どうしてこれがジョークなのかもよくわかりません。 (2)It's as if our brains squeeze in some extra practice time while we're asleep. これは、我々の脳が何か別のことを発見したとき、我々は寝ているのだ。 とりあえず後半の文章で脳が寝てる時の方が記憶形成に働いている初見から意味合いはとれましたが、some extra practice timeということの的確な訳が考えられずなかなか適切な意味合いを伝えられる訳ではないなと我ながら恥ずかしいものになってしまいました。ご指導お願いします。 最後 (3)Experiences that become memories are laid down first in the hippocampus, obliterating whatever is underneath. いくつかの実験から記憶はまず初めに海馬に送られるが、ここではどんな情報でさえも最終的に消去されてしまう。 と訳しました。 whatever is underneathの適切な訳を知りたいです。勢いで訳してたまたまよい訳になったと自負していますがやはり自信がありません。 ご迷惑おかけしますがご指導お願い申し上げます。
Together these four brigades of the Anzac Mounted Division, managed to contain and direct the determined attackers into deep sand. Here the attackers came within range of the strongly entrenched 52nd (Lowland) Division defending Romani and the railway. Coordinated resistance by all these EEF formations, the deep sand, the heat and thirst prevailed, and the German, Austrian and Ottoman advance was checked. Although the attacking force fought strongly to maintain its positions the next morning, by nightfall they had been pushed back to their starting point at Katia.
During the night of 3/4 August 1916, the advancing force including the German Pasha I formation and the Ottoman 3rd Infantry Division launched an attack from Katia on Romani. Forward troops quickly became engaged with the screen established by the 1st Light Horse Brigade (Anzac Mounted Division). During fierce fighting before dawn on 4 August, the Australian light horsemen were forced to slowly retire. At daylight, their line was reinforced by the 2nd Light Horse Brigade, and about mid morning, the 5th Mounted Brigade and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade joined the battle.
dog sleeping in the houseというような文はdog which sleeping in the dogと関係代名詞を使うののは間違いなのでしょうか？
年の順に長女、次女、長男、三女、の四人姉弟妹がいる場合、英語で長男はなんと言うのでしょうか？ 長女=eldest daughter 次女=second daughter 三番目の子供で長男=[????]←質問はここです。 末っ子の三女=youngest daughter 四人並んだ写真の説明に日本語で書けば「長女(名前)、次女(名前)、長男(名前)、三女(名前)」のような説明を入れる場合の表現を教えて頂きたいのですが。
いつもありがとうございます。 映画のセリフで、英語字幕なくがわからなかったのですが、こちらの英訳をおしえていただけませんでしょうか。 和文： 私の好みを当てた男性は初めてよ。 背景：男性からまさに自分の好みのデザインのネックレスを受け取った時の喜びのフレーズ よろしくお願いいたします。
Thus, unless that evidence is of overriding consequence, it should carry less weight than if it had been included only in hostile testimony. ここのof overridingのofの使い方はどういう使い方ですか？なくてもいいような気がするのですが。また比較でless weightなのにthanの後はif節が続いていますが、比較する場合は比較対象は相当のものがくると思っていたのですがそうでもないんでしょうか？
1) it seems odd that so few are prepared to apply some of the same skills in exploring works of art that stimulate another sense altogether: that of smell. 2) And yet, the parallels between what ought to be regarded as sister arts are undeniable. 3) The Old Masters deployed oil paint across the color spectrum, and applied layers on a determining ground and various kinds of underpainting, slowly building up to the surface, completing their work with thin glazes on top. 言いたいことはふわっと分かるのですが、訳をよろしければいただけませんか。 4) They begin to dry, and a ppicture is born. Its appearance changes over time, because the tendency of oil paint is to become gradually more transparent. このtoはどういう用法でしょうか？意味がとれませんでした。 5) So, too, talented "noses" experiment with complex configurations of olfactor elements and produce in symphonic combination many small sensations, at times discordant, sweet, bitter, melancholy, or happy, as the case may be. experiment with は動詞ですか？nosesが実験するのですか...？
The construction of the railway and a water pipeline soon enabled an infantry division to join the light horse and mounted rifle brigades at Romani. During the heat of summer, regular mounted patrols and reconnaissance were carried out from their base at Romani, while the infantry constructed an extensive series of defensive redoubts. On 19 July, the advance of a large German, Austrian and Ottoman force across the northern Sinai was reported. From 20 July until the battle began, the Australian 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades took turns pushing out to clash with the advancing hostile column.
Thereafter, the Anzac Mounted Division supported by the Imperial Camel Brigade were on the offensive, pursuing the German and Ottoman army many miles across the Sinai Peninsula, reversing in a most emphatic manner the defeat suffered at Katia three months earlier. From late April 1916, after a German-led Ottoman force attacked British yeomanry at Katia, British Empire forces in the region at first doubled from one brigade to two and then grew as rapidly as the developing infrastructure could support them
This British Empire victory, the first against the Ottoman Empire in the war, ensured the safety of the Suez Canal from ground attacks, and ended the Central Powers' ambitions of disrupting traffic through the canal by gaining control of the strategically important northern approaches to the Suez Canal. The pursuit by the Anzac Mounted Division which ended at Bir el Abd on 12 August began the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
英語を第一言語としている人たちはどのようにしてスペルを覚えているのでしょうか。 日本語は、一つの文字で発音が決まっていますが、英語の場合、特別な読みをしたり法則性がないように思えます。 日本人の漢字と同じで、スペルを学習しているのでしょうか、
We have instincts and propensities that bear subtle testimony to the universalities of our own environment, and that of our distant ancestors. Some of these instincts, like that for language, are so important that, for all practical purposes, they are unalterable; others are more malleable, and can be partially overwritten, or totally reprogrammed, by experience: they appear as defaults only when cultural influences, or other learned responses, are absent. （ The artful universe by J.D.Barrow） 1）最初の文に出てくるbearの意味がよく取れません。 辞書を引いてみたのですが、意味が沢山あってどの意味が適しているのかわかりませんでした。 2） また、最後のthey appear as defaults only when cultural influences, or other learned responses, are absent.の内容が難しく、どういうことを言っているのかがわかりません。 appear as defaults ということは、つまり現れない、ということになるのでしょうか？ theyはinstincts だと思うのですが、 only when cultural influences, or other learned responses, are absent.ここの意味がとりわけわかりません。 よろしくお願いします。
外国の人の固有名詞が引用された場合、性別が判らないことがあります。その場合の代名詞は； A)　「It」でもいいのですか？ B)　必ず「He or she」？ C)　Something else?
『元気なんだけど、毛玉がね... 大変なことになっててw そうなんだ(笑) 私もあなたとゴロゴロしたいわw 写真は家に帰ったら送るね*』←英語に翻訳してくださいm(__)m
Oh no what is wrong with your cat? I'm laying in bed hehehe wishing to be with you hehehe could I maybe please have a picture of you.←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
The Battle of Romani was the last ground attack of the Central Powers on the Suez Canal at the beginning of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign during the First World War. The battle was fought between 3 and 5 August 1916 near the Egyptian town of Romani and the site of ancient Pelusium on the Sinai Peninsula, 23 miles (37 km) east of the Suez Canal. This victory by the 52nd (Lowland) Division and the Anzac Mounted Division of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF) over a joint Ottoman and German force, which had marched across the Sinai, marked the end of the Defence of the Suez Canal campaign, also known as the Offensive zur Eroberung des Suezkanals and the İkinci Kanal Harekâtı, which had begun on 26 January 1915.
Wilfrid Miles, the Official Historian, praised the initiative shown by small sub-units of men in clearing the Germans from positions in the village but at the same time attributed much of the severity of losses to Australian inexperience and their "reckless daring."In the fighting around Pozières the 48th Division lost 2,844 casualties from 16–28 July and 2,505 more from 13 August. The 1st Australian Division lost 7,700 men, the 2nd Australian Division had 8,100 casualties and the 4th Australian Division lost 7,100 men. From 27 July – 13 August the 12th Division had 2,717 losses.
Ebayサイトから貴社の ”M386B8G70DE0-YH93”販売情報を見ました。 いくつか確認したいことがありますので返信をお願いします。 １）現在在庫はありますか？ ２）今注文したらいつ発送できますか？　 　　最新の納期を教えてください。 ３）日本に発送も可能でしょうか？ 宜しくお願い致します。
ノエルカワードのprivate lives の和訳がわかりません。 ACT1の victor: are you loved me? amanda: yes, victor. victor: you poor child. amanda: you must try not to be pompous, dear.( she turns away) から elyot: will you or will you not come to paris? sibyl: No,no i won't. elyot: oh, my Got!(he stamps indoors) それからシビルがエリオットを追いかけていくという場面までです。 鶴見書店の本では14ページから24ページまでです。 それから、和訳が見つからなかったのですが、売ってるのでしょか。 急いでいます。 回答よろしくお願いします。
カチューシャの耳の裏あたりくる最後の部分に貼ってある表がグログラリボンで裏がシールタイプになっているリボンを英語でなんと言うかご存知の方、教えて下さい。宜しくお願い致します。
Lines east of the village became the Canadian start line for the Battle of Flers–Courcelette. After the battle it became apparent that General Birdwood had lost much of his Gallipoli popularity through his failure to oppose Gough's impetuous desire for "quick results" and his "lack of thought" at Pozières. Soon after, Australian troops rejected his personal appeal for the introduction of conscription, voting against this recommendation largely because of their reluctance to see additional men subjected to the horrors of piecemeal attacks. The Australians had suffered many losses in the Battle for Pozières in six weeks, as they had in the Gallipoli Campaign.
I Anzac Corps would carry the advance along the ridge while, on their left, II Corps would keep in line, systematically reducing the Thiepval salient. Initially the task fell to the 4th Australian Division, which had already suffered 1,000 casualties, resisting the final German counter-attack but both the Australian 1st and 2nd Divisions would be called on again, followed once more by the 4th Division. When the Australian ordeal on Pozières ridge was over in September, they were replaced by the Canadian Corps who held the sector for the remainder of the battle. The O.G.
Jacka was badly wounded but as support arrived from the flanks, the Australians gained the advantage and most of the surviving Germans were captured. No more attempts to retake Pozières were made. Since taking over the Pozières sector, General Gough's plan had been to drive a wedge behind (east of) the German fortress of Thiepval. Having secured Pozières and the neighbouring section of the O.G. Lines, the attack now moved to the next phase; a drive north along the ridge towards the German strong point of Mouquet Farm which protected the rear of Thiepval.
At 4:00 a.m. on 7 August, shortly before dawn, the Germans launched their final counter-attack. On a front of 400 yards (370 m) they overran the thinly occupied O.G. Lines, catching most of the Australians in shelters in the old German dugouts and advanced towards Pozières. For the Australians, the crisis had arrived. At this moment, Lieutenant Albert Jacka, who had won the Victoria Cross at Gallipoli, emerged from a dugout where he and seven men of his platoon had been isolated, and charged the German line from the rear. His example inspired other Australians scattered across the plateau to join the action and a fierce, hand-to-hand fight developed.
By 5 August the brigades of the 2nd Australian Division were exhausted and were to be relieved by the 4th Australian Division. While the relief was underway on the night of 5–6 August the Australians were subjected to an extreme bombardment, because the salient they occupied could be shelled by the Germans from all directions, including from Thiepval which lay to the rear. On the morning of 6 August, a German counter-attack tried to approach the O.G. Lines but was met by machine gun fire and forced to dig in. The bombardment continued through the day, by the end of which most of the 2nd Division had been relieved. From its twelve days in the line, the division had suffered 6,848 casualties.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新作商品の案内が来たのですがその事で相手に伝えたいことがあるのですみませんが英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「すみません、メールの添付ファイルを見落としていました。 残念ですが、これらの商品は私は欲しくありません。 他の商品はいつごろ入荷しますか？ 添付ファイルを見てください。今回の新作商品は以前もらったこれらですか？」
Lines had been so thoroughly obliterated by prolonged shelling that the Australians ended up advancing beyond their objectives. From their vantage in the O.G. Lines on the eastern edge of the Pozières ridge, the Australians now looked over green countryside, the village of Courcelette close by and the woods around Bapaume 5 miles (8.0 km) distant. The German commander ordered "At any price Hill 160 Pozières ridge must be recovered."
Whenever the Germans detected digging parties, they mistook them for troops assembling to attack and called down a barrage. Originally the attack was to be made at dusk on 2 August but the trenches were as yet incomplete, the digging either being disrupted or the completed trenches demolished by shellfire. The attack was first postponed to 3 August and then to 4 August when the trenches were finally deemed ready. This careful planning and preparation delivered success and when the 2nd Division went in, both O.G. Lines were captured. South of and astride the Albert–Bapaume Road the O.G.
Hehe you will become likening it cus if not I will be sad;( just think of my child picture and think how sad little me will be if you don't:(←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
90% of recent car buyers say safety was an important factor in their purchase. Yet of these car buyers, only half consulted objective sources of vehicle safety information before making their purchase; the others relied on advertisements and promotional materials. Thus, these other buyers were mistaken in saying that sagety was important to them. という文において、前提としていえるのは、Advertisements and promotional materials sometimes provide incomplete vehicle safety information.と言えないのはなぜでしょうか。 もし安全に注意しているなら不完全な情報のあるものに頼らないと思うのですが。（なのでこれが前提にあるのではと）
なんと言いますか？
The gates at most railroad crossings, while they give clear warning of oncoming trains, are not large enough to prevent automobile drivers from going around them onto the tracks. Some people claim that the ensuing accidents are partly the fault of the railroad company, but this is a mistake. Granted, if one has a small child in the house, then one ought to block access to stairs completely; but a licensed driver is a capable adult who should know better. という文の前提が、when the warnings of companies are disregarded by capable adults, the adults are fully responsible for any resulting accidentsなのですが、 別にこれは前提である必要ないのではないでしょうか？not large enough to prevent...とあるように、文字が小さかったために起きたことかもしれなく、その場合はやはりdriverに責任がすべてあるとは言えなさそうですが... (mistakeとあるが、mistakeではないのでは)
Critics worry that pessimistic news reports about the economy harm it by causing people to lose confidence in the economy, of which everyone has direct experince every day. Journalists respond that to do their jobs well they cannot worry about the effects of their work. Also studies show that people do not defer to journalists except on matters of which they have no direct experience. ここのabout のうしろなので名詞だと思ったんですが、harmはもしかして動詞でしょうか？ということは名詞節でthatが省略されているのでしょうか？ また、この文のどこからpeople have direct experience of the economy ということがわかるのでしょうか？
Rock music is musically bankrupt and socially destructive, but at least the album covers of rock LPs from the 1960s and 1970s often featured innovative visual art. But now, since the success of digital music has almost ended the production of LPs, rock music has nothing going for it. この議論の前提がDigital music is not distributed with accompanying innovative visual art.なのですが、Digital music is distributed with accompanying innovative visual artとするべきではないのですか？つまりdigital artはLPsのもっているいい部分（at least ...often featured ...art）もカバーしているので、わざわざそちらへ行く必要はない、よってrock music has "nothing" going for it.となるのかなと思ったんですが・・・ またAlthough very few LPs are produced today, most of these are rock LPs. が不正解なのはなぜでしょうか。
英単語を音読する時に当たり前ですが日本語とは全く違うので、読み方がわからなくなってしまいます。 例えば日本語ではインスタグラムは「ンスタグ」が高音で、最初と最後が低音なので、高低が山なりになるように読むと落ち着きがいいのだと思います。 ところがInstagramは最初の「I」を強く読んでいるのか高く発音してるのかどちらかわからないのですが、日本語で読むと「イ」の部分だけが高音で読まれる感じです。 英語の発音は、プレッシャーとかアクセントとかイントネーションとかいう言葉が出てきますが、違いもわかりません。 さて、ネイティブスピーカーに、 mashup と inside を2回発音してもらいました。 最初は日本語読みで マッシュ「ア」ップ イン「サ」イド のように聞こえたのですが、 2回目は 「マ」ッシュアップ 「イ」ンサイド のようにはっきり聞こえました。 その人はNY育ちです。 実際どう発音しているのか教えてください。 １つの質問に色々な細かい質問が含まれていて答えにくいとは思いますが、一部だけの解説でも結構ですのでお願いします。
「彼らの中に、いつも違った二つの自分が生きているんだっていうことを示しているかのようだ。」 以上の文を英語に訳していただきたいです。 よろしくお願いします。
ある歌詞の英文なのですが 「You're everything how do i deal」 これって、どう訳したらいいのでしょうか？ 「どうしたってあなたは私のすべて」と訳せばいいのでしょうか？ というか、関係代名詞（関係副詞？）とかでHowの次にdoって持ってきて 良かったんでしたっけ？ （そもそもここでのhowは関係代名詞？関係副詞？それ以外？）
General Haig was disparaging of the division's failure, telling Lieutenant General William Birdwood, the I Anzac Corps commander, "You're not fighting Bashi-Bazouks now." General Legge and the I Anzac staff resolved to do the job properly. To avoid the confusion of a night advance, the plan was to attack at 9:15 p.m. just before dark at which time the crest of the ridge and the mound of the Pozières windmill would still be discernible. However, to attack at dusk meant assembling by day which was only possible to do in the protection of trenches. Therefore, a system of approach and assembly trenches had to be dug at night.
The 500,000 Russian casualties during the offensive, culminating in the battle of Kowel "finished Russia as an active participant in the war" with its consumption of men and resources. The battle also had a far reaching impact on Austria, as it illustrated the country's reliance on Germany as well as deprived the nation of large numbers of fighting men. Romania, relying on a Russian success during the conflict, was overrun by Austria-Hungary, Germany and Bulgaria shortly after Russia's defeat. With the armed forces of both Germany and Austria-Hungary losing confidence in their monarchs as a result of the engagement, and with its effective removal of Russia from the war, the battle of Kowel remains one of the most influential of the war.
The German commander, Linsingen, sought to check the Russian army under the command of General Brusilov. The Russian force of 29 Infantry and 12 Cavalry divisions faced only 12 Austrian divisions, however the ineffective barrage and the tactic of using 'waves' of attacking soldiers resulting in significant Russian casualties and the stalling of the Brusilov offensive.
The Tsar had provided large amounts of artillery and shells for Brusilov's army, however this had repercussions for the Russians as Brusilov reverted to the tactic of extensive barrages followed by waves of advancing soldiers, a tactic that had proved unsuccessful since 1915 with German commanders observing the new similarities between Kowel and the Western Front.
Leading We Serve マレーシア　ペナン州　ジョージアタウンの標語です。 意味の分かる方、教えてください。
何て言いますか？
カンが良ければあれだろうな、とわかるのですが、 初見の際、直訳できても意味不明な語句ってありますよね。 例えば、ruling party ときて、政治の話題中ならわかるかもしれませんが、 初見でいきなり来ると「支配している一行」とはなんぞや？となるわけです。 この手の語句が出てくると、訳を見ると、あぁなるほど、となるわけですが、 こういうのは、熟語みたいに一度は出会って日本語で意味を知る必要があるのでしょうか？ それとも、ある程度のレベルになると初見でも分かって当然なのでしょうか？ ほかにも、良く学校であった、バリバリの直訳で訳して言ってる本人も意味が分かってないけど、 先生は「はい、そうですね。まぁ、要するに・・・」と直されるケースの意味不明文。 例えばの例えば、「地球言語を話す歩いている広告の彼は、経済に刺激を注入する必要があると言った。」と言う、 英検2級レベルなら余裕であろう英文和訳の例ですが、こういった感じのもっとこっけいな訳が出てくる英語がありますよね？ 訳を見れば、なんてこともないものなのですが、初見ではどういう解釈なのか及ばないもの。 この手の英文も、こういうのをたくさん読んでパターン・言い回しとして覚える・慣れるしかないのでしょうか？ それとも、ある程度のレベルの人なら、意味が分かってしまうのでしょうか？ あくまでも、意味不明な日本語直訳になる英文であって、上記のものならわかるかではありません。 よろしくお願い致します。
I am interested in your camera. I know that you have not asked me to do this, but would you accept US$700 for the camera and US$50 for postage. The postage at the moment is US$34, but I am happy to pay you US$50. I ask this because I need the Australian price to be less than $1000 so I don't have to pay import duties. For amounts over $1000 Australian I will have to pay large import duties. 何度もグーグル翻訳とかで挑戦しましたが、途中で意味不明なんです。 送料が34アメリカドルなんですが、50ドルって？ 最終的には、オーストラリアドルで1000以下にできないかということでしょうか？ 教えていただけないでしょうか？
General Paul von Hindenburg was again able to capitalize on good railroads to bring German reinforcements east. At last, on June 18, a weak and poorly prepared offensive commenced under Alexei Evert, and on July 24 Alexander von Linsingen commenced his own counter-attack. Brusilov and Russian Tsar Nicholas II ordered other Russian commanders to commence their own attacks, however high casualties and internal rivalry meant that this did not occur.
なんて言うの？
Having sought to give a naturalistic explanation of observable phenomena, rather than appealing to the wills of gods, Thales claimed that god is in all things. According to Aetius, Thales said the mind of the world is god, that god is intermingled in all things, a view that would shortly appear contemporaneously in a number of world religions, most notably Buddhism in India. rather than appealing to the wills of gods, Thales claimed that god is in all things.というのは、どういうことを言っているのでしょうか？ 直訳だと、神の意思に訴えるよりも、神はすべての中にいると主張した、ですか？意味がよく掴めません。 Thales said the mind of the world is god, that god is intermingled in all things, a view that would shortly appear contemporaneously in a number of world religions, most notably Buddhism in India. この英文のthat godのthatは、その、という意味ですか？それとも、saidがあってthat以下を述べた、ということですか？ また、全体の構造がわからないのですが、（とりわけa view that would shortly ～以下の全体への繋がりについて） a view～と、most notably Buddhismはその前にあるin all things と並列になっているのでしょうか？ in a view～ in most notably Buddhism～ 並列だとしてin all things と言ってて、in a view となるのがわかりません。 all viewsにはならないのでしょうか？ 意味がよく取れてないのでわからないなですが。 よろしくお願い致します。
The breakthrough came when, on June 4, the Russians opened the offensive with a massive, accurate, but brief artillery barrage against the Austro-Hungarian lines. On June 8, Russian forces of the South-western Front took Lutsk. By now the Austrians were in full retreat and the Russians had taken over 200,000 prisoners, however Brusilov's forces were becoming overextended. In a meeting held on the same day Lutsk fell, German Chief of Staff Erich von Falkenhayn persuaded Austrian Field Marshal Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf to redeploy troops from the Italian Front to counter the Russians in Galicia.
海外で作られてる日本食の味と日本人が作る日本食の味は違うのよ。 私もalexが食べられそうな料理 作るようにするし。 でも私の料理に期待しないでね。w 凄く得意って訳じゃないし、alexがどんな味が好みなのかわからないから 箸も使ってるうちに使えるようになるよ。←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
The Brusilov offensive began on June 4, 1916, it was the greatest Russian feat of arms during World War I, and among the most lethal battles in world history. It was a major offensive against the armies of the Central Powers on the Eastern Front. Mounting pressure from the western Allies caused the Russians to hurry their preparations. Brusilov amassed four armies totalling 40 infantry divisions and 15 cavalry divisions. He faced 39 Austrian infantry divisions and 10 cavalry divisions formed in a row of three defensive lines, although later German reinforcements were brought up.
Hehe because I will be in Japan with you so it would be bad if I didn't like it. Good news though I just didn't like the stuff they gave us in the beginning. I liked the stuff I had after I sent you that message. Also I was getting picked on because it was my first time using chopsticks.←翻訳してくださいm(__)m
『何を食べて日本食が嫌いになったの？』と聞きたいのですが、 What did become to hate the Japanese food to eat?←は可笑しいですか？
The Battle of Kowel (also known as the Battle of Kovel or the Battle of Kovel-Stanislav) took place during World War I, from July 24 to August 8, 1916. It began with an Austrian counter-attack by Alexander von Linsingen south of Kowel, a city located in the Volyn Oblast (province), in north-western Ukraine. Linsingen intended to halt the Russian offensive under the command of General Aleksei Alekseevich Brusilov.
The main attack went ahead, scheduled to start at 12:15 a.m. on 29 July but the Australian 7th Brigade was late in reaching its start line and its movement was detected by the German defenders; when the attack commenced, the Australians were met by a hail of machine gun fire. South of the road the 5th Brigade remained pinned down, unable to even get started. On their left, north of the road, the 7th Brigade encountered uncut wire. On the northern flank some minor progress was made by the 6th Brigade but everywhere else the attack was a failure. Including the attack and the preceding day of preparation the 2nd Division lost over 3,500 men; the 7th Brigade had to be withdrawn to reserve, so great were its losses.
The remorseless German bombardment made effective preparations virtually impossible. The dust raised by the shelling prevented the Australian artillery observers from directing their field guns which were tasked with cutting the barbed wire entanglements. An attack by the British 23rd Division on Munster Alley dragged in the Australian 5th Brigade — the ensuing bomb fight saw the British and Australian infantry expend over 15,000 grenades.
When it's sunny, the space around you here is white, all white, capped with blue, and the eye is drawn and caught by the bright scatter of water from the lion's mouth. Some things are different, I notice. The cafe is no longer. Toni's: the red, cursive script in the window reads Cafe Co-Co, and the chairs and tables now gathered in are plastic. Small details. They feel bright and brash on my eyes, intrusive. Up close, I know that the lion's face is almost as big as mine; but from a distance he looks small, like a toy or a tame lion. His eyes are dark and sometimes I think he looks sad. The tumble of mane around his face is deep brown, sea-brown, the colour the metal he's made of goes after a long time. It's bronze. I know now; bronze like the sundial on the church wall, and some of the numbers on the gateposts. Like the dandelion clock, too. Guy BurtのThe Dandelion Clockからの英文です。 *********************************************************** They feel bright and brash on my eyes, intrusive. ここのintrusiveはどういう意味にとればよいですか？ 辞書には（意見などの）押しつけ、（場所への）侵入、押し入り、などの意味があったのですが、よくわかりませんでした。 The tumble of mane around his face is deep brown, sea-brown, the color the metal he's made of goes after a long time. について tumbleの意味は”乱雑”ですか？ the colour the metal he's made of goes after a long time.はどのように読むのでしょうか？文の構造がわかりません。 It's bronze.のItは何を指しているのでしょうか？ the tumble of mane around his faceですか？ 教えてください。お願いします。
Before it was withdrawn, the Australian 1st Division had attempted to prepare a jumping-off line for the assault on the O.G. Lines. The Australian 2nd Division took over the sector on 27 July and General Gough, eager for progress, pressed for an immediate attack. The division's commander, General Gordon Legge, lacked the experience and confidence of General Walker and succumbed to pressure from Gough. On the night of 28–29 July, in conditions far less favourable than those experienced by the 1st Division on the night of 22–23 July, the 2nd Division was expected to attack.
『もー。あなたって私よりも意地悪ね。 (彼の写真を待ち受けにしてるのを気にしないって言ってくれたことにたいして)あぁ、良かった* ありがとう*』と言いたいのですが Pooh... You are mean than I am. What a relief, Thanx. ↑通じますか？おかしなところがあれば教えてくださいm(__)m 補足 英語に詳しいかた、至急回答お願いいたしますm(__)m
On 24 July, once Pozières had been secured, General Gough pushed for immediate moves against the O.G. Lines north and east of the village. The first task was to take the lines up to the Albert–Bapaume road; the original objectives which had not been captured. Attacking in the dark, only the Australian 5th Battalion found either of the O.G. trenches and it was counter-attacked by the German 18th Reserve Division. Simultaneously on the Australian's right, the British 1st Division made an attempt to capture Munster Alley, the section of the Switch Line where it intersected the O.G. Lines. A tumultuous bomb fight developed but only a small section of trench was held.
At its peak, the German bombardment of Pozières was the equal of anything yet experienced on the Western Front and far surpassed the worst shelling previously endured by an Australian division. The Australian 1st Division suffered 5,285 casualties on its first tour of Pozières. When the survivors were relieved on 27 July, one observer said They looked like men who had been in Hell... drawn and haggard and so dazed that they appeared to be walking in a dream and their eyes looked glassy and starey. — E. J. Rule
The German IX Corps relieved IV Corps and the commander cancelled the planned counter-attack, choosing to concentrate on the defence of the O.G. Lines, which were the next objective of the British. The bombardment reached a climax on 26 July and by 5:00 p.m. the Australians, believing an attack was imminent, appealed for a counter-barrage. The artillery of I Anzac Corps, II Corps and the guns of the two neighbouring British corps replied. This in turn led the Germans to believe the Australians were preparing to attack and so they increased their fire yet again. It was not until midnight that the shelling subsided.
When surveyed about which party they would like to see in the legislature, 40% of respondents said. Conservative, 20% said Moderate, and 40% said Liberal. If the survey results are reliable, we can conclude that most citizens would like to see a legislature that is roughly 40% Conservative, 20 % Moderate, and 40% Liberal. という文において、 The argument takes for granted that the preferences of a group as a whole are the preferences of most individual members of the group. と批判する文があります。この文において、a group とthe groupは同じ人らをさしていますか？最初a group=responder, the group=all populationかと思ったのですが、それだと違うグループなのでなぜtheが使われるのかわかりません。もしthe groupもresponderだと意味が通じないような気がします。
Journalism's purpose is to inform pepople about matters relevant to the choices they must make. Yet, clearly, people often buy newspapers or watch television news programs precisely because they contain sensationalistic gossip about people whom they will never meet and whose business is of little relevance to their lives. Obviously then the sensationalistic gossip contained in newspapers and television news programs______. ここで二つの選択肢の中から迷っています... A. is at least sometimes included for nonjournalistic reasons B. prevents those news media from achieving their purposes. どちらでもいいような気がするのですが、なぜ一方はだめなのでしょうか？
あるアメリカ人が七夕の短冊にこう書いていました どういう意味でしょうか To an endlessy Fun Year Pour one out to our Fallen アメリカ在住の方ならお分かりになるでしょうか？ あと字がうまくなかったのでこう書いてない可能性もありますが多分こうです
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。商品の事で相手からメールが来たんですがすみませんが意味を教えて下さい。お願いします。 The e-mail included an Excel file with available products that can be shipped from LA. Images were already sent through WeTransfer… Looks like you already downloaded the images… Please let me know if you need anything else!
【英語】メルクマールって何ですか？
The catfish was developed by University, based in western Japan, as a substitute for Japanese eel, which faces falls in supply. この文章の中で、 which faces とありますが （１）whichの役割を知りたいことと。関係何と言うのでしょうか？ （２）facesは何の意味かを知りたいです。複数形の意味ですよね？鰻の顔？
来週からしばらく日本へ帰ります。　秋にここへ戻ってきます。 ずいぶんあなたと会っていませんね。 四年•••？ 家も車も赤ちゃんもビザも、ほとんどのものがお金で手に入りました。 でも一つだけ手に入らないものがありました。 それは愛です。 全て手に入ったらそれほど幸せなことはなかったでしょう。 人生、そううまくはいきませんね。
This unreliable mechanism should be replaced by the requirement of a written explanation of either the reasons for a judge's decision to recuse, of if the judge decides against recusal, the legal basis for the judgment reached, based on the merits of the case. either orが使われていてorのうしろにif~....の主節と従属節が来ている感じでしょうか？ お手数ですが訳をいただけませんか？ recuseするのはjudgeなのでしょうか
『彼らは計算尽くでは動かない人々。いつも情熱にかられて動く。この作品は、ノックをして「すみません。入ってもよろしいでしょうか？」と言って入ってくるものとは違う。突然バッと吹く激しい風のように入り込んでくる。この作品は、張り裂けそうに、爆発するようなものなのだ。』 できる限り日本語文の雰囲気を損なわずに訳したいのですが、私の英語力では難しいので力を貸していただきたいです。 よろしくお願いします。
With British activity now declining elsewhere on its front, the German IV Corps opposite Pozières, was able to concentrate most of its artillery against the village and its approaches. Initially the bombardment was methodical and relentless without being intense. The western approach to the village, which led from Casualty Corner near the head of Sausage Valley, received such a concentration of shellfire that it was thereafter known as "Dead Man's Road". The German bombardment intensified on 25 July, in preparation for another counter-attack.
Success on the Somme came at a cost which at times seemed to surpass the cost of failure, and for the Australians, Pozières was such a case. As a consequence of being the sole British gain on 23 July, Pozières became a focus of attention for the Germans. Forming as it did a critical element of their defensive system, the German command ordered that it be retaken at all costs. Three attempts were made on 23 July but each was broken up by the British artillery or swept away by machine gun fire. Communication was as difficult for the Germans as it was for the British, and it was not until 7:00 a.m. 24 July that they discovered that Pozières had been captured.
Lines made the eastern end of Pozières vulnerable and so the Australians formed a flank short of their objectives. On the western edge of the village, the Australians captured a German bunker known as "Gibraltar". During 23 July, some Australians went prospecting across the road, captured a number of Germans and with minimal effort occupied more of the village. That night the 8th Battalion of the Australian 2nd Brigade, which had been in reserve, moved up and secured the rest of the village. The attack of the 48th Division on the German trenches west of Pozières achieved some success but the main attack by the Fourth Army between Pozières and Guillemont was a costly failure.
わかりました。 では商品の画像と型番がわかり次第、私にｅメールで送ってくれませんか？ 宜しくお願いします。
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入しようと思っています。発送の事でメールが来たんですがすみませんが意味を教えてください。お願いします。 I have some products in LA that could be shipped directly to Japan. The only concern is that you need to take at least 1 box (1 or 2 units) per color. You informed us that shipping cost with Yamato has increased so we wanted to find other ways that might save your costs. Available products are attached and I’ll be sending you additional images of the products using WeTransfer. Please let me know if you have any question. Thank you!
【英語】カタストロフィって何ですか？
The infantry were scheduled to attack at 12:30 a.m. on 23 July, with the Australian 1st and 3rd Brigades. The infantry crept into no man's land, close behind the bombardment and when it lifted the German trenches were rushed. The first stage took the Pozières trench that ringed the village to the south. The second stage saw the Australians advance to the edge of the village, amongst what remained of the back gardens of the houses lining the Albert–Bapaume road. The third stage brought the line to the Albert–Bapaume road. The few survivors from the German garrison retreated to the northern edge of the village or into the O.G. Lines to the east. It was also intended that the O.G.
Of course, the mass retirement is not all bad news. Let's take a look at how one of the more successful retirees spends his retired years. Tomohiko Otake works at Lawson's three nights a week from 10:30 p.m. to 7 a.m. placing rice balls and bentos on shelves at a convenience store in Saitama. He took the job which pays 875 yen per hour because he and his wife wanted a bit of extra money to use for travel and souvenirs. 和訳 もちろん、大量退職に関しては、すべてが悪い知らせニュースというわけではありません。 退職者の引退後の過ごし方での成功例の一つを、見てみましょう。 トモヒコ・オオタケは、埼玉のコンビニエンスストアのローソンで、週三回（夜）、午後10時30分から午前7時まで働き、おにぎりと弁当をそれぞれの棚に置く仕事に取り組んでいます。 彼は、彼と彼の妻が旅行したり記念品購入の費用をつくるために、もう少し余分な収入を望んだので、時給875円の仕事を引き受けました。
The plan called for the Australian 1st Division to attack Pozières from the south, advancing in three stages half an hour apart, while north of the Albert–Bapaume road, the 48th (South Midland) Division (X Corps), would attack the German trenches west of the village.The village and surrounding area was defended by elements of the 117th Division. Early on 22 July the Australian 9th Battalion attempted to improve its position by advancing up the O.G. Lines towards the road but was repulsed. The preparation for the attack involved a thorough bombardment of the village and the O.G. Lines lasting several days. The bombardment included phosgene and tear gas.
The Australian 1st Division reached Albert on 18 July and despite the postponement of the offensive, Gough, who had a reputation as a "thruster", told the division's commander, Major General Harold Walker, "I want you to go in and attack Pozières tomorrow night". Walker, an experienced English officer who had led the division since Gallipoli, would have none of it and insisted he would attack only after adequate preparation. Consequently, the attack on Pozières once more fell in line with the Fourth Army's attack on the night of 22–23 July.
『そうなんだ。でも、漢字っていろんな読み方があるから あなたが私に聞く前に聞いた人も間違った名前言ってないと思うよ:)』←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
Researchers compared the brains of recently deceased people who had schizophrenia with those of recently deceased people who did not have schizophrenia. They found that 35 percent of the former and none of the latter showed evidence of damage to a structure of nerve cells called the subplate. They knew that this damage must have occurred prior to the second fetal trimester, when the subplate controls the development of the connections between the different parts of the brain. という文において、 There may be a　cause of schizophrenia that predates birth.という事が言えるそうですがなぜそうなるのか理解できません。 また、 Some people developed schizophrenia because of damage to the brain subplate after the second fatal trimester.が言えないのはなぜでしょうか？
近年のIT技術の向上を考えると、ほぼ完全に実用に耐える翻訳機が開発され、一般に普及されるのも、そう遠い将来ではないのは間違いない気がします。 たとえば、スマホの翻訳アプリを起動させた状態で、日本語で発声すると、それが数秒後には英語に翻訳された状態で音が鳴る…とか。 すると、今、長い時間かけて英語を勉強して、英会話とかを訓練することの意味って、あるのでしょうか？ 人間が英語を自力で勉強する価値は、今後、どこかに残るのでしょうか？
When scientists actually derive a theory's predictions, they almost always need diverse additional "auxiliary" premises, which appeal to other theories, to the correct functioning of instrumentation, to the absence of disturbing forces, etc. appeal to以降の意味がとれませんでした。toはそれぞれappealから繋がっているのですか？ Finally, when Einstein's general theory of relativety was introduced, astronomers discovered that calculations based on that theory and the old auxiliary assumptions predicted the observed orbit of Mercury, leading to the rejection of Newton's theory of gravity and to increased confidence in Einstein's theory. leadingの前の文に動詞か何か足りないような気がします。たとえばMercuryのあとにwas wrongなど...なんだか中途半端に感じるのですが。 訳をいただけますか？
閲覧ありがとうございます。 パチンコ店でのカウンターで使う言葉を英語で教えて下さい。 ・（指をさしながら）こちらの景品と交換いたします。 ・大⚪︎枚、中⚪︎枚、小⚪︎枚、あと（コインが）⚪︎枚余ってます。 ・あと⚪︎枚です。 ・看板の横にあります。 ・あちらの機械で（IC）カードを清算して下さい。 上記のものを英語に翻訳していただきたいです。 よろしくお願いいたします。
For example, white was associated with the sky-yearing spirit, Sapling, whose terrestrial creations, such as trees, were often beneficial to humanity. カンマがやたと多くて少し混乱したのですがどのコンマがどういう役割をしているのでしょうか。またwhoseの先行詞はSaplingでいいのでしょうか？ These belts combined string wampum to form icons that could be deciphered by those knowing the significance of the stylized symbols. knowingは恐らく現在分詞だと思うのですがby those who knowsと意味に何か違いがあるのでしょうか？
Rawlinson planned to deliver another attack on a broad front on 18 July involving six divisions between the Albert–Bapaume road in the north and Guillemont in the south. Haig decided to transfer responsibility for Pozières to the Reserve Army of Lieutenant General Hubert Gough which had been holding the line north of the road since shortly after the opening of the offensive on 1 July. The attack was postponed until the night of 22–23 July. To Gough's army were attached the three Australian divisions of I Anzac Corps, which had begun moving from the Armentières sector.
The plan was to maintain the pressure and take Pozières by a "steady, methodical, step-by-step advance". Between 13 and 17 July, the Fourth Army made four, small attacks against Pozières with no success and high casualties. In this period the village was subjected to a heavy bombardment and reduced to rubble. On two occasions the attacking infantry got into the trench that looped around the south and western edge of the village, known as "Pozières trench" but both times were driven out. Attempts to get east of the village by advancing up the O.G. Lines also failed.
On 14 July, during the Battle of Bazentin Ridge, this southern section of the German second line was captured by the British Fourth Army of Lieutenant General Sir Henry Rawlinson. The possibility of "rolling up" the German second line by turning north now presented itself if Pozières could be captured. The British Commander-in-Chief, General Sir Douglas Haig, lacked the ammunition to immediately execute another broad-front attack after 14 July. Believing that Pozières and Thiepval would become untenable for the Germans as the British continued their eastward momentum, Haig ordered Rawlinson to concentrate on the centre between High Wood and Delville Wood as well as the villages of Guillemont and Ginchy.
The village of Pozières, on the Albert–Bapaume road, lies atop a ridge approximately in the centre of what was the British sector of the Somme battlefield. Close by the village is the highest point on the battlefield. Pozières was an important German defensive position, the fortified village was an outpost to the second defensive trench system, which had become known to the British as the O.G. Lines. This German second line extended from beyond Mouquet Farm in the north, ran behind Pozières to the east, then south towards the Bazentin ridge and the villages of Bazentin le Petit and Longueval.
The fighting ended with the Allied forces in possession of the plateau north and east of the village, in a position to menace the German bastion of Thiepval from the rear. The cost had been very large for both sides and in the words of Australian official historian Charles Bean, the Pozières ridge "is more densely sown with Australian sacrifice than any other place on earth."
『そうなんだ。せっかく見せてもらったのに名前読むくらいしかできなくてごめんね。』←英語にしてくださいm(__)m
ネットで調べてもなかなか出てこないので教えてください。 Do we have any milk?　という文章。Do we～？という意味がよくわかりません。Do you～?とは全然異なる意味になりますか？ Do we have any milk?　は　Do you have any milk?　では、それぞれどんな意味になりますか？
第二次世界対戦後アメリカ兵士が持って帰国した日本の国旗を返却しようとしているみたいで、Thank you so much. There are a group of people my grandfather is with. They are all marines and they are trying to return these to the families.と来た文章にたいして (そうなんだ。それを聞いただけで私も嬉しいわ。本当にありがとう。 それは本当に素晴らしいことだと思うわ。 その団体も、それを自ら進んで参加してるあなたも素敵、素晴らしいわ。 家族もきっと(それが)戻ってきたら喜ぶと思うわ。 見つかるといいね。)←と言いたいです。 英語にしてくださいm(__)m
まったく自信もないのでお助けを。 以下の文章を英文にするとどうなりますでしょうか？ 「このスマートフォンを拾った方は１２３まで連絡を！」 という感じの文文なんですが。 もっとラフ（意味は通じる短縮形）にできれはもっといいのですが。 私の意図とするところはわかっていただけるとは思いますので 宜しくお願いいたします。
Such a huge number of people retiring will also bring social changes. Since most of the retirees are men, suddenly many wives will find another person in the house during the daytime. In many cases, this will be a pleasant change, but for some couples, this will be a demanding adjustment. Already, the rate of divorce is rising the fastest among couples who have been married more than 20 years. This probably reflects the difficulty some couples have when the husband retires. It is the wife, not the husband who is usually the one who leaves, and she often takes a lot of money with her. 和訳 そのような膨大な数の人々の引退は、社会的変化をももたらすでしょう。 退職者の大部分が男性ですから、突発的なこととして、多くの妻たちは昼間にもう一人の人物が家の中に居ることがわかります。 多くの場合は、これは良い生活の変化です、しかし、一部の夫婦にとっては、これは大変な調整・調和が必要なことになります。すでに、離婚率が、20年以上結婚していた夫婦間で、最も急激に上昇しています。 この問題は、多分、夫が引退する時点で、一部の夫婦が抱えている複雑・困難な部分を反映しているのでしょう。 通常、家を出て行くのは夫の方ではなく妻の方です、そして、妻はたいていの場合多額のお金を持って家を出て行きます。
The Battle of Pozières was a two-week struggle for the French village of Pozières and the ridge on which it stands, during the middle stages of the 1916 Battle of the Somme. Though British divisions were involved in most phases of the fighting, Pozières is primarily remembered as an Australian battle.
When the attack resumed the troops met those of Bavarian Reserve Regiment 21 at around 8:10 a.m. German artillery support was less extensive than that available to the attackers but managed to "smother the British trenches with fire" as the artillery of the 50th Reserve Division and 54th Reserve Division fired from the flanks "thus the backbone of the British (sic) attack was broken before it left the trenches at 5:30 p.m.".
英語ができるかた、 至急翻訳お願いいたしますm(__)m 『LINE遅くなってごめん。 これは日本陸軍の旗みたい。 町の名前とかは書かれてなくて 全て人の名前。多分兵隊さんの名前。言葉は 必勝 と 武運長久って書いてるだけ。 必勝は「必ず勝つ」って意味。 祈武運長久は「戦いでの幸運がいつまでも続くことを祈る」って意味。 陸軍建枝大尉の名前は 杉山 成充 又は 鳥清水 正二 陸軍建枝中尉の名前は 森敏 一 役に立てなくてごめん。』 ↑英語にしてくださいm(__)m
初めて質問します！ Tumblrでリブログされた自分のイラストに"so damn cute"というタグがつけられていたのですが、どういう感じのニュアンスか知りたいです。 美少年キャラクターのイラストでした。 よろしくお願いします～！
Some researchers fear that patenting biological materials will result in the patent holder's attempting or threatening to enjoin further research trhough a legal action for patent infringement. through...から文末までがどうそれをthroughしてそうなるのかが...infringementは違反ですよね？
His most challengin works did not become popular until well into the twentieth century and, significantly, after the invention of the phonograph, which made repeated listening possible. やたらとカンマがあるのも気になります、どういう理由でつけられているのでしょうか？ またsignificantlyはどこを修飾していますか？
If Schoenberg had not existed, it would have been necessary to invent him, not because of the 12-tone system, the seeds of which appear in Mozart. the seeds以降の文はどうつながっているのでしょうか。 またNever was anything as inchoherent...produced in music. というnever was anythingというのは倒置なのでしょうか？
A counter-attack ordered by the divisional commander at 8:00 p.m., fell into confusion in the dark, under British artillery-fire and an attack on the 8th Australian Brigade, by part of I Battalion, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 21 was stopped by Australian small-arms fire. Later on, two other companies attacked up Kasten Weg as I Battalion, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 21 and half of Bavarian Reserve Regiment 20 attacked from the flank, reaching the old front line at 6:00 a.m. on 20 July. The right flank of the 14th Australian Brigade was counter-attacked by most of I Battalion, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 16, which joined the II Battalion, and recaptured the front line step-by-step, until dawn when a pause was ordered due to exhaustion and lack of ammunition and grenades.
Opposite the British right, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 17 lost a switch trench facing Trivelet and then a second line was overrun, with the garrison being lost. The left of III Battalion to the south of the Trivelet road, began bombing to its right and part of I Battalion attacked frontally and from the right, taking 61 prisoners. On the Australian flank, III Battalion, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 21 was pushed back in the centre and on its right, forming a defensive flank at Kasten Weg and in front of Delangre Farm. The right flank of III Battalion, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 16 repulsed the 15th Australian Brigade and was then reinforced by the II Battalion from Rue Delaval, which joined with the left of III Battalion, Bavarian Reserve Regiment 21.
The corps aircraft photographed and reconnoitred the area before the attack and flew artillery-observation and contact patrols during the battle. Army squadrons flew further afield and denied German reconnaissance aircraft view of British troop movements, particularly behind the XI Corps front. On 19 July, aircraft from two squadrons patrolled the area towards Lille and had numerous air fights, in which two Fokkers and a British DH.2 were shot down. Bombing raids on German army billets, supply dumps and the railways from Lille to Lens, Douai, Cambrai and Valenciennes also took place.
アメリカ製のあるテレビドラマの感想コメントに、 The scene between CJ and his wife was brilliant. Both actors delivered right on point. という英文がありました。 CJという名の役を演じた俳優と、その妻を演じた女優を褒めているのは分かるのですが、最後の文の意味がわかりません。 「delivered right on point」とは、どういう意味でしょう？ 上の英文の意訳を教えていただけませんでしょうか？
The trick to cereal is keeping　seventy percent of it above the milk. 家族で朝食にシリアルを食べている場面で父親がみんなに話しています。 どんな意味でしょうか。どうぞよろしくお願いいたします。
英語初心者です。和文英訳してみました。添削を宜しくお願い致します。 １．昨日友人と英会話教室でのフリートーキングの話をした。 Yesterday, I talked about the free talking in English conversation class with a friend. ２．彼は札幌の英会話教室に行っている He is going to an English conversation class in Sapporo. ３．彼の英会話の先生はイギリス人で、英会話講師派遣の団体に属している。 His teacher came from England and belongs to the group of English conversation lecturer dispatch. ４．その団体の教育方針として、トピックスに旅行の話を禁じているそうである。 As an education policy of the group, they prohibit the story of the trip in free talking topics. ５．何故かと言うと、旅行の話は同じ質問、同じ答えになるからである Because the story of the trip tends to produce the same question, the same answer. ６．例えば、食事、天候、土産、日程などである。 For example, they are meals, weather, souvenir, schedule and so on. ７．彼はトピックの選定の為、毎日新聞をチェックするそうだ。 According to his explanation, he checks a newspaper for the choice of the topic almost every day. ８．彼は永六輔の死亡記事を読んで次の話題に決めた。 He read Rokusuke Ei obituary in the newspaper and decided on the next topic. ９．「上を向いて歩こう」がアメリカで大ヒットした事を思い出したからだ。 This is because it remembered that music “Let’s walk looking upward” made a big hit in the United States. 10．彼のスピーチの後、クラス仲間が永六輔について色々聞いた。 After his topics ended, his classmate asked him more detail on Ei. 11．彼は永六輔のファンではなかったので、何も答える事ができなかった。 But he could not answer anything because he was not Ei fan. 12．ファンでもないのに話題にしたと、クラスメートに非難されたそうだ It seemed to be blamed that he had a topic though he was not a fan of Ei by a classmate. 13．我々のクラスはトピックに制限がなく、幸せである For our class member, there is no limit in topic. It seems we are lucky. 以上です。宜しくお願い致します。
次の文章の訳の仕方に自信がなく困っています。 老化はがんや心不全など多くの疾患を引き起こす。という文章の次に下記の英語が続きます。 The realization that time does not have to take its toll came with the discovery of mutant nematodes that far outlived their normal fellow worms. 寿命とは交通量を払うようなものではないという知識は正常な線虫よりもはるかに長生きをした線虫の遺伝子変異の発見によってもたらされた。 言いたいことは理解できるのですが訳に自信がありません。 tollは交通量ですが手前で疾患の例をだしているところから損害や死者数という方向の訳をあてはめればいいのか、そしてfar outlived　Oというthat 節の訳仕方がこれでいいのか？という点で不安です。ご指導お願い申し上げます。
As baby boomers have more time, they will spend their money. It is estimated that they have huge savings which will get even bigger as they receive retirement bonuses. This should bring benefits to certain industries, such as the travel business. It should also mean good business for the health care industry because old people tend to have more medical problems. Nursing is said to be one of the boom industries in Japan's future. 和訳 ベビーブーマーはより多くの時間を持っているので、お金を使います。彼らは退職慰労金を受け取るので、さらに膨れ上がるであろうものすごい額の貯蓄をもっているものと推測されています。このことは、例えば旅行業といったある種の産業には利益をもたらすはずです。年配者はより多くの医学的問題をかかえる傾向にあるので、医療産業にとってよいビジネスであることも物語るはずです。介護は日本の将来における急成長産業の一つと言われています。
German troops had got well behind the right flank and fired at every sign of movement, forcing the Australians to withdraw along the communication trench dug overnight. By 9:00 a.m. the remnants of the 53rd, 54th and 55th Battalions had returned; many wounded were rescued but only four of the machine-guns were recovered. Artillery-fire from both sides diminished and work began on either side of no man's land to repair defences; a short truce was arranged by the Germans and Australians to recover their wounded. Air operations From 14 July the road from Illies to Beaucamps, 3 miles (4.8 km) behind the German front line was kept under air observation. On 16 July 16 Squadron joined 10 Squadron, Royal Flying Corps (RFC) on the attack front along with a kite balloon section, bringing the I Brigade squadrons of the RFC in support of the attack up to three corps squadrons and two army squadrons.
German counter-attacks on the front and flanks, with machine-gun fire from Delangre Farm, De Mouquet Farm and "The Tadpole", began at 3:15 a.m. on 20 July, forcing a retirement to the German first line and then a withdrawal to the original front line. During the withdrawals some troops managed to fight their way out but many were cut off and captured. News of the 8th Brigade retirement reached McKay, the Australian divisional commander, at a meeting with Mackenzie, Haking and Monro to plan the new 61st Division attack. Monro ordered the 14th Brigade to be withdrawn and at 5:40 a.m. a box-barrage around the 14th Brigade began. At 7:50 a.m. the order to retire arrived, although it was not received by some parties.
英語で教えて欲しい事があります。 something が疑問文や否定文の時は常にanything になるという事でいいですか？ 「どんどん話すための瞬間英作文トレーニング」の115ページに、 彼は何か食べるものが欲しかったのですか？ → Did he want something to eat ? って疑問文なのにsomething を使ってます。 一方、同じ115ページに、 あなたは筆記用具を持ってますか？ → Do you have anything to write with ? で疑問文でanything 使ってます。どういうことですか？どっちでもいい？食べるもの、書くもの、でどっちも変わらないでしょう。 この本間違ってるんですかね？
英語で友人から以下のブッダの言葉を教えてもらいました。 日本語で探してもなかなか出てきません、直訳ではない、ちゃんとした日本語でのこのブッダの言葉を知りたいです。 どなたかご存知ありませんか？ Just as the great ocean has one taste, the taste of salt, so also this teaching and discipline has one taste, the taste of liberation.
Polls of those who graduated from a university more than five years before being polled show a higher percentage of people in favor of recuding government social services than do polls of the overall population. ここのbeforeの使い方なんですが、 more than fiive years beforeは大学を卒業してから5年以上経っているという意味でしょうか？ 少し混乱しました。
次の文においての質問です。 Everyone should have access to more than one newspaper, for there are at least two sides to every story. Since all sides of an important story should be covered, and no newspaper adequately covers all sides of every one of its stories, some important stories would not be adequately covered if there were only one newspaper. という議論の欠点は、The argument confuses the inability to cover all sides of every story with the inability to cover all sides of any important story. という事なのですが...every storyはimportant storyも含むと思うのですが、confusesとはどういうことでしょうか？特にconfuseしていると思えないのですが...
However, the winter increase in nocturnal activity was significantly more pronounced for the population living in the deciduous forest than it was for the population living in the rain forest. activity までが主語だと思いますが、the winterはincreaseを修飾している形容詞の役割をしているのでしょうか。 Those who claim that Shakespeare did not write the plays commonly attributed to him are motivated purely by snobbery. attirubiteの使い方はattribute A to Bだと思ったのですが倒置か何か起きているのでしょうか
逆接ではないような気がするのですが... North and Weingast point out that it is often in a sovereign's best interest to make a credible commitment not to perform certain acts. Ex. a sovereign with absolute power can refuse to honor its financial commitments. Yet creditors will not voluntarily lend generous amounts at favorable terms to an absolute monarch who can renege upon debts at will. Yet前後では同じようなこといっていませんか？
Despite reinforcements, the situation of the 14th Brigade troops in the German lines became desperate, as artillery fire and German counter-attacks from the open right flank forced a slow withdrawal in the dark. On the left flank, more troops were sent forward with ammunition to the 8th Brigade at dusk and at 2:00 a.m. every soldier who could be found was sent forward. Consolidation in the German lines was slow as the troops lacked experience, many officers were casualties and there was no dry soil to fill sandbags, mud being substituted.
Troops pinned down in no man's land withdrew under cover of the bombardment and parties went out to rescue wounded. More discussion between Mackenzie and Haking, led to a decision that the 184th Brigade would attack the Sugarloaf overnight, after a ten-minute hurricane bombardment but German shelling on the British front line then caused a postponement until the morning.The postponement failed to reach the Australian 58th Battalion, which attacked with some of the 59th Battalion and was stopped in no man's land with many casualties, survivors from three battalions finding their way back after dark. Despite reinforcements, the situation of the 14th Brigade troops in the German lines became desperate, as artillery fire and German counter-attacks from the open right flank forced a slow withdrawal in the dark.
Mackenzie was ordered by Haking at 7:30 p.m. to attack again at the Sugarloaf to assist the Australians, before it was discovered that the 184th Brigade had not reached it. The Australian 15th Brigade was asked to co-operate with the British attack and the 58th Battalion was sent forward. A renewed bombardment continued, as preparations were made to attack all along the front at 9:00 p.m., when at 8:20 p.m. Haking cancelled the attack and ordered that all troops were to be withdrawn after dark. Reinforcements for the 182nd Brigade received the order in time but the troops in the German line were overwhelmed, with only a few wounded and stragglers returning.
テストの問題で次のような問題が出題されました。 次の各文の空所に入れるものに最も適当なものを選び、答えなさい。 問：私は彼が正直者だということを知っている。 I know（ that / what ）he is honest. 僕はthatと解答しましたが、whatが正解だと学校の先生は主張します。 whatで「すること（もの）」という訳が取れるのは知っています。ですが、僕個人の意見としては、whatは関係代名詞であるため、後ろのカタマリは不完全文にならなければならないと思うのです。 先生曰く、確かにthatでもニュアンスは合っているが、thatだと和訳が「私は彼が正直者だと知っている」となってしまい、少し日本語文とずれてしまう。完全文が後ろに続く関係代名詞もある。と言われました。 そんな話は授業はおろか人生で一度も聞いたことがないため、まだ納得しきれていない部分があります。どなたか英語に詳しいお方、僕でも分かるように説明して頂けないでしょうか。 できれば、その文法名も教えて頂けると助かります。
The Australian 8th and 14th Brigades had gained their objectives and captured about 1,000 metres (1,100 yd) of the German front line. A line was selected for consolidation and a strong-point built at the end of Kasten Weg, a German communication trench. Reinforcements with equipment and tools went forward and digging began on a communication trench across no man's land, as a German artillery barrage fell and all movement was fired on by machine-guns. By 7:00 p.m. accurate reports reached the 61st Division commander Major-General C. J. Mackenzie of the success on the right and erroneous reports of limited success in the centre and a small lodgement on the Sugarloaf.
In the Australian centre the 14th (NSW) Brigade had fewer casualties, reached the German front line and took a number of prisoners. When the Australians advanced further they found only flat fields and ditches full of water. A line was selected for consolidation and ten machine-guns were sent forward. The 8th Brigade battalions attacked through machine-gun fire from the front and flanks. A 1,200-pound (540 kg) mine was blown on the outer flank with the intention of creating a crater lip that would screen the attacking infantry but when the Australians reached the German breastwork they pressed on, finding the same terrain as the 14th Brigade.The 32nd Battalion, on the eastern flank, suffered heavy casualties while attacking a German stronghold in the ruins of Delangre Farm. Elements of the 14th Brigade reached a main road 400 metres (440 yd) south of the German line, before withdrawing to the ditch.
On the right, the sally-ports were under fire and only a few troops reached the German wire (which was found to be uncut) before falling back. The left battalion's attack towards the Sugarloaf salient (which was beyond trench-mortar range) was stopped by German fire at the sally-ports and so the infantry tried to exit along "Rhondda Sap", under a shrapnel bombardment. Most of the battalion was destroyed, but some troops reached the north-east part of the salient and tried to enter the German breastwork, until all became casualties.Members of the Australian 53rd Battalion; three of the men survived the battle, all wounded.On the 5th Australian Division front, the troops attacked over the parapet and had fewer losses than the 61st Division. The 15th (Victoria) Brigade advanced next to the British 183rd Brigade, towards the junction of the German line and Layes brook, which ran diagonally across no man's land.
自社製品を発売したいのですが、売り上げの1%を非営利団体へ寄付したいと考えています。 商品そのものは1種類なのですが、複数のステッカー（商品ラベル）を用意し、それぞれによって寄付先が違い、消費者に寄付先を選んでもらう企画を考えています。 そこで質問です。もちろん日本語で表記するのですが、空いたスペースに英語表記（デザイン上）出来たらいいなぁ…と思っているのですが「ステッカーを選んで寄付をしよう！」のピッタリくるシンプルな英訳をお願い致します。時間がなくて急ぎですm(_ _)m
Woven into Nisa's autobiography are allusions to Shostak's personal engagement with issues of gender. 意味がいまいちよくわからなかったのですがwoven intoは分子構文のbeingが省略された受動態でしょうか？
Hello, You downloaded JRiver Media Center a while ago. Maybe other things kept you from spending the time you needed to decide. If you're still thinking about buying, here's a coupon that will give you $10 off: BUS010 . If JRiver Media Center failed to meet your expectations, please reply to this e-mail with a description of the reason. We appreciate any chance to improve our software. Whatever you decide, we wish you well, and hope to hear from you again. And, as Ken Kesey once said, "You're either on the bus or off the bus." Regards, JRiver Questions? http://wiki.jriver.com/index.php/Links 意味わかりますか？
The left-hand battalion lost more casualties in no man's land, then found the wire at the Wick salient uncut. German machine-guns caused many casualties and the few infantry who got through the wire, were shot down in front of the front trench, as reinforcements were also caught in no man's land and pinned down. In the centre, the 183rd Brigade was bombarded before the advance and shrapnel-fire stopped the infantry using the sally-ports. After climbing the British parapet both battalions were shot down in no man's land, a few men getting close to the German wire before being killed or wounded. On the left, the attacking battalions of the 184th Brigade had been in the front line since the morning under German artillery-fire.
In the 61st Division area, infantry of the 182nd Brigade on the right flank, began to move into no man's land at 5:30 p.m. through sally-ports, some of which were under fire from German machine-gunners and became "death-traps". Two companies of the right-hand battalion, managed to get within 50 yards (46 m) of the German parapet with few losses and rushed the breastwork as the artillery lifted, finding the wire cut and the Germans incapable of resistance. Uncut wire held up the advance to the second line and German machine-gun fire from the right flank caused many casualties, as the survivors reached the objective. Reinforcements reached the front trench but the German flanking fire caused many casualties and German artillery began to bombard the captured area.
初めて質問させて頂きます。 この度友人のお墓に文字を入れる事になりました。 それにあたり、英語が堪能な方、以下の文の英訳をお願い致します。 貴方を忘れない。 共に目指した夢を。語った言葉を。 色褪せぬ事を願いここに刻む。 よろしくお願いします。
​​I'm also enjoying sightseeing. I visited Fushimi Inari Shrine and Himeji Castle that is in Himeji. この文は正しいですか？ 伏見稲荷は京都にありますが‥
The attack was almost unopposed and by 7:00 a.m. the South Africans had captured the wood south of Prince's Street, despite the wreckage of fallen and uprooted trees. Tanner sent two companies to secure the northern perimeter of the wood and later, the 3rd Battalion advanced to the east and north-east. By 2:40 a.m., the wood was occupied, except for a German strong point in the north-western corner, adjoining Longueval. The South Africans began to dig in around the fringe of the wood in groups, forming strong–points supported by machine-guns, in a salient and in touch with the 26th Brigade only along the south-western edge of the wood next to Longueval. The troops had spades but roots and remnants of tree trunks made it possible only to dig shallow shell scrapes before German troops counter-attacked.
Who that has seen him can forget him ? 文構造と日本語訳を教えてください！
自己紹介です。 個人情報の部分は〇〇にしております。見にくくてすいません(>_<) Hello. My name is 〇〇and the first name is come from Bible. I’m nineteen years old. I was born in 〇〇 where my mother grown up and move to 〇〇 when I was 2 years old. Until that times I have been lived in 〇〇prefecture 〇〇city. I have a little brother. We sometimes got into fight when I was high school student but now we seldom get into fight so we are good times with. There are four people in my family. I work at McDonald’s as resister but sometimes as drinker ;　making drinks when newcomer working the same times. I like take a walk, watch English movies, listening songs, sing a song, sleeping, watching comedy and hang out with my friend when I have free time. My favorite movie is “Pirates of the Caribbean”. I also like actor of Johnny Depp so I once sent him a fan letter to him which one of my friend helmed me with writing English. He replied me after 2 month I said him want to your picture with your sign written so he sent me that. now that one of my treasure. My favorite singer is One Ok Rock, Alexandros, One Direction and back number. I once went to a concert of One Direction last year’s spring with a woman met twitter at Saitama Super Arena. We could take photos and videos because they asked Japanese staff. I had a seat where I could take photo and videos clearly using cellphone. I want to go to a concert of One Ok Rock next time. My favorite comedian is “Ishibasihazama”, sandwich　man” and “Nakagawake” .Except “ishibashihazama” they are famous comedian. I went to LUMINE2 in shinjyuku to watch “Ishibashihazama” with my high school friend when we finished examinations for enter in college. It was my first time to see comedy at LUMINE. We really laughing at them. We surprised at Hazama one of the comedian because he proposed to a little longtime love and it was succeeded at that time. We never seen and faced to such a situation. I hope someday the day will come to me too. haha 　I also like keep in touch with foreign people using English. I think it is the best way to improve English skill. Because we use words and vocabulary by speaking English and sending mails which we learn　and studying English. Not only that but also they teach me English and can make friends with. I have some Americans, Germany, Indonesian and Netherlands friends. We met online site such as “hello talk” and “inter pals pen pals” now we are keep in touch with using line or skype. I’m not good at English so many times I asked them please use more easy English or what is it means and can’t join in conversation when they talking difficult subjects such as politics. So I going to study English more to improve English ability and also get higher TOEIC score.
Furse ordered another attack on Longueval by the 27th Brigade and the 1st South African Regiment, after an artillery and Stokes mortar bombardment and one battalion bombed its way up North Street at 8:00 a.m. and another party tried to move through orchards on the west side but German reinforcements counter-attacked and recaptured the lost ground, another attack failed at 7:30 p.m. The South African Brigade was ordered to capture Delville Wood and moved up from reserve before dawn but by then, half the brigade had been detached. The brigade attacked at 6:15 a.m. from the south-west corner of the wood on a battalion front, with the 2nd Battalion forward, the 3rd Battalion in support and the 4th Battalion in reserve.
Narrative の文書です 間違っていたら、訂正お願いいたします。 On Fridays, I get up at 9:00 am. My mother leaves for work at 8:00 and my brother goes to school early in the morning so I get up by myself. I only have third class on Friday so I don’t have to get up early but I get up two hours before I have to leave. As soon as get up, I go downstairs and get dressed, prepare breakfast myself and eat in front of the TV, checking my email on my smart phone. After breakfast I wash my face, brush my teeth, make up my face and tie up my hair. The third-period class is an English class and we always have a test at the beginning so when I am ready to go to college, I study for the test for an hour and I leave the house at 10:45 am . I walk to the station 15 minutes and get on the train 11:05am.When I arrive at Nagoya station at 12:03 pm, I change train and get on Higashiyama line subway to go to college. It takes 20 minutes to arrive at Hoshigaoka station from Nagoya station. I have to walk about 15 minutes to college after get off the subway. When I arrive at class, I eat chocolate for between meals. After between meals, I study for the test for about 45 minutes and sometimes I talking with my college friend who takes the same English class until 1:30 pm. I always meet my friend at college’s one floor near the elevator after finish the class at3:00 pm to go to part time job with my college friend by subway. We work at Nagoya station’s underground McDonald near silver clock . We get off the subway, buy eat between meals at Ministop near our office and talking with her over eating it at office. Change clothes and go our shop. I work as register or making drink or preparing food. After finish job, we change clothes and eat dinner at MacDonald’s because we work at there , we can buy 30 percent discount the day. I talk about school or friends or who we interested in over eating dinner with my friend about 30 minutes. After finish eating dinner We walk to Nagoya station for 15 minutes and say good-bye then. I take train and sleep on the train, my mother picks me up when I arrive at my local station about 11:15 pm. I wash my hands and take a bath as soon as I arrive at my house. After take a bath I brash my teeth and blow my hair. I up stairs to go to bed and say good night to my mother. Before fall asleep I always check my cell phone whether I get email from my friend or not. After that I prepare clothes for tomorrow’s part time job and set alarm for 8:30am. I see twitter and tweet or just check my friend’s tweet. I fall asleep after check my shift and what time I have to get up.
On the right flank of the salient driven into the German second position, Delville Wood and the north end of Longueval gave a covered approach for German troops attacking from Flers and made attacks from the British line south of Waterlot Farm vulnerable to enfilade fire. At dawn the farm was attacked by one company, later reinforced by two 4th South African Regiment companies, which eventually captured the farm but German artillery-fire prevented consolidation until 17 July.
Competition and hard work are basic American values, but they also place a psychological strain on the individual. By contrast, the family is basically a noncompetitive, cooperative institution. Family members are not expected to compete against each other as they do against their peers in the outside worlds of business, politics, and education. Rather, the ideal of the American family is group cooperation to help achieve the fulfillment of each individual member, and shared affection to renew each member's emotional strength. 上の文の最後の箇所の and shared affection to renew each member's emotional strength. ですが、andで並列されている箇所が分かりません。 意味から考えると、「愛情を共有する（愛情が共有される）」とするならば、sharedがaffectionを意味上の主語とする分詞ではないかと考えました。 そして、affectionという名詞のコロケーションを考えると、achieve affectionという表現がもしあれば、 achieve the fulfillment and (achieve) affection というように andはfulfillmentとaffectionを並列しているのではないかと考えましたが、あっているか自信がありません。 どなたか、お分かりになりましたら教えてください。
The main problem with cults is that they offer false beliefs and information. Their predictions about the future are invariably wrong. Undoubtedly, their leaders are chairsmatic, but they mostly seek power, as well as money, and sex from their naive followers.Members lose their powers of critical thought because of the cult's brainwashing techniques. In a word, cults are unhealthy. 和訳 カルト集団に関する重大問題は、偽りの信条と情報を与えることである。それらの未来についての予言は、いつも決まって間違っている。疑うことなく、それらの指導者は、カリスマ性があるが、彼らは、大抵、お金だけではなく、権力や彼らの信奉者達との性的な関係を求める。私は、カルトの洗脳的な手法により、信奉者の批判する能力を失わせると考えている。端的に言えば、カルトは、不健全なものである。
The rest of the 2nd Indian Cavalry Division were sent back and the 1st and 3rd Cavalry divisions never left their bivouacs at Buire-sur-l'Ancre and Daours. The 33rd Division failed to receive the orders to support the 7th Division, only having orders for an attack through the 21st Division on 15 July. By chance, the commander of the 100th Brigade found out and sent two battalions to cover a gap between High Wood and Bazentin le Petit. A lull came over the battlefield as night fell, except in Longueval, where the South Africans continued to attack against German machine-gun fire.
The Germans fired two machine-guns at the cavalry which broke through between II Battalion and III Battalion IR 26 and got behind the 10th Company above Bazentin le Grand. The two infantry battalions crossed the 0.75 miles (1.21 km) to High Wood, with a short delay on the left, due to German machine-gun fire but the battalions entered the wood and found few Germans. Undergrowth slowed their progress and the north end of the wood, protected by the new Switch Line and the west side could not be captured, the troops digging in across the middle and the east edge, helped by engineers to consolidate despite several counter-attacks.
A 3 Squadron crew saw the infantry and cavalry advance and the pilot dived on troops of III Battalion, IR 26 seen in standing crops, strafing them from a height of 300 feet (91 m). The observer dropped a sketch to the cavalry, before departing riddled by ground fire. About 100 Germans were killed or taken prisoner in the cornfields, eight cavalrymen were killed, about 100 were wounded and 130 horses were killed or wounded. Reinforcements of the 3rd Guard Division were caught by British machine-gun fire as they moved towards Bazentin le Petit and machine-gunners in Longueval were silenced by the cavalry machine-guns. German heavy artillery had been withdrawn and field artillery was unable to take aim at such a fast-moving target.
It is belieced that Japan may have up to 200,000 cults. Why are there so many cults in Japan? Some believe that it is because Japan has no strongly established religions compared to most societies. Therefore, cults have moved in to take the place of established religions. 和訳 日本には20万にも上るカルトが存在するのではないかと信じられている。なぜ日本には、そのようにたくさんのカルトが存在しているのか？諸外国と比べて、日本にはしっかり根づいた宗教がないためだと考える人もいる。 それゆえ、そのしっかり社会に根づいた宗教の立場にカルトが（成り替わりとして）滑り込んだのである。 原文では社会に根付いたとは言っていませんか？
Observers saw many German troops retiring from Pozières and the British artillery was ordered to cease fire at 6:00 p.m. for patrols to check and south of the village the parties were driven back. The 21st Division continued the attack on the north-west corner of Bazentin le Petit Wood but when the post fell at 7:00 p.m., the Germans fell back to a machine-gun post only 50 yards (46 m) away. More false reports of success at Longueval arrived in the afternoon and the 7th Division was ordered to High Wood at 5:15 p.m. Long delays in passing the orders led to the first two battalions of the 91st Brigade taking until 6:45 p.m. to reach the jumping-off point. The 20th Deccan Horse and 7th Dragoon Guards were ready on the right flank but the 33rd Division (Major-General Herman Landon) from reserve had not arrived on the left.
Rawlinson ordered the 7th Division to capture High Wood. Horne countermanded the order because of the situation at Longueval and the XIII Corps held back the cavalry, apart from patrols. The attack of the 21st and 1st divisions also proved abortive because of the German party in the north-west corner of Bazentin le Petit Wood and increasing German artillery-fire. A German counter-attack at 3:00 p.m. reduced the infantry of the 62nd Brigade to 1,200 men and made the rest of the 21st Division incapable of attacking.
At 8:50 a.m. Horne ordered the 7th Division to relieve the 2nd Indian Cavalry Division at High Wood as soon as they had captured it and the 21st Division to advance north to capture the ground from Bazentin le Petit to the Martinpuich light railway to assist the III Corps attack between the 21st division and Black Watch Alley. The 21st Division and 1st Division were to attack at 2:30 p.m. and the 34th Division was to patrol towards Pozières. The cavalry had been ordered forward from Moralncourt at 7:40 a.m. but found the going very difficult, the ground being wet and cut trenches and shell-holes. The Secunderabad Cavalry Brigade took until the afternoon to reach Montauban and at 12:15 a.m.
The attack at Longueval and Delville Wood had lacked sufficient power to capture all of the wood and village, where II Battalion, BIR 16 was reinforced by II Battalion, IR 26 of the 7th Division and a battalion of RIR 99 during the day. The relative success of the defenders inhibited the British from ordering a bolder exploitation further west. Opposite the 7th and part of the 3rd Division the Germans were found to have disappeared by 10:00 a.m. and some British officers walked up to High Wood unchallenged. Watts suggested sending the 91st Brigade from reserve to occupy the wood but was ordered to wait for the cavalry and Haldane was told to keep his reserve brigade ready to receive counter-attacks.
The 7th Division field artillery moved forward and engineers began work to repair tracks across Caterpillar Valley. The Fourth Army had advanced onto the Ginchy–Pozières Ridge and captured 1,442 prisoners, including two regimental headquarters. Many German corpses could be seen but poor musketry had enabled German troops to escape, the British troops lacking the training to hit soldiers beyond 300 yards (270 m).Delville Wood, 14 July Fighting went on in Longueval and Delville Wood under German bombardment and the 26th and 27th brigades of the 9th Division had many casualties. Conflicting reports about the capture of Longueval arrived at XIII Corps headquarters and at 4:30 p.m. it became clear that only the south end of the village had been occupied and the 1st South African Regiment was moved up from reserve.
We might well begin by considering just how successfully we do communicate through language. We find in fact that we have a remarkable versatility.　We never know what we are going to need to communicate and yet when the time comes, as mature speakers of the language, provided the necessary knowledge and experience itself is not lacking, we have no difficulty in expressing whatever it may be we have the need to express. 上の文章の最後の文の we have no difficulty in expressing whatever it may be we have the need to express. という箇所についてです。 この箇所について、私は構文が取れなかったので、内容面から類推すると、 （最後の文の試訳： 我々は将来的に意思疎通する必要になる事柄を知ってはいないが、その時が来たら、成熟した言語の使い手として、必要な知識と経験そのものを欠いていなければ、我々は表現することが必要となるかもしれないことは何でも、難なく表現することが出来る） it may be と we have the need to express とが 両方とも、whateverを目的語とする関係詞節だと考えましたが、合っているか不安です。 このwhatever節について文法的説明をお願いします。
Mate is a beverage found in much of South America. While it is uncertain where mate was first made there are more varieties of it found in Paraguay than anywhere else. Also, mate is used more widely there than anywhere else. Also, mate is used more widely there than anywhere else. Therefore, Paragua is likely tehe place where mate originated. という文があるとして、 Typically, the longer a beverage has been in use in a particular place, the more widely that beverage is used there. という文が結論をさらに強めるらしいんですがなぜでしょうか。 別に長く使われていたからと言って、そこでつくられたとは限らないのではないですか？ また違う文ですが、 The amphibian species whose population declines have been attributed by many scientists to industrial pollution are not known to be among those species whose populations do not vary greatly as a result of natural variations in the weather. の意味がちょっとわかりづらかったです...よろしければ訳をいただけますか？
The first battalions of the 110th Brigade of the 21st Division got into the German trenches quickly except for one point on the left, where German machine-gunners held out for twenty minutes until enveloped from both flanks. The second line was captured by 4:00 a.m. and contact made with the 1st Division on the left. The infantry pushed on into Bazentin le Petit Wood, with little opposition, except at the north-west corner, where a German party held out all day. A defensive flank was formed facing east to stop the Germans opposite the 7th Division retreating to the west. At about 6:00 a.m. one battalion advanced into Bazentin le Petit and linked with the 2nd Royal Irish and handed over the village, before digging in from the north end of the village to the north-east of the wood. When a German counter-attack pushed back the Royal Irish, the 100th Brigade troops fell back temporarily into the wood.
The Germans in Longueval made a determined defence but by 10:00 a.m. the 9th Scottish Rifles had taken their objectives, except the north end and a strong point in the south-east of the village, which resisted until attacked with support from the 7th Seaforth and the 5th Cameron Highlanders at 5:00 p.m. It proved impossible to capture Waterlot Farm in the second position so positions were taken in Longueval Alley, in touch with the 18th Division. At 9:00 a.m., the 9th Division HQ was erroneously informed that the village had been captured but by then the captured part of the village had been consolidated; a source of water was found before the Germans could counter-attack.
On the right flank, the 26th and 27th brigades got across two belts of barbed wire, cutting by hand in places but the 10th Argylls were held up until the left flank company broke through and rolled up the German defenders. All four battalions crossed two trench lines, except for a short delay at the south end of Longueval, where the Germans were also rolled up from the flank. The infantry kept going and the support battalions arrived to consolidate.
The II Battalion of Bavarian Infantry Regiment 16 in Longueval had been alerted and sent out four patrols, one disappeared, one ran into a British patrol and two returned with nothing to report. The first wave reached the German wire without a shot and passed over the front line, some of the following waves being engaged by Germans who emerged from underground shelters. A German counter-barrage began and fell into Caterpillar Valley, well behind the infantry.
At 3:20 a.m., the sky lit up behind the attacking divisions and a hurricane bombardment, supplemented by machine-guns firing on fixed lines, fell on the German positions. At 3:25 a.m. the leading British infantry stood up and moved forwards through a mist, with just enough light to recognise German troops. The German infantry were surprised by the intensity and brevity of the bombardment and the rapid onset of the British infantry behind a creeping barrage of high-explosive shells.
Thackeray marched out of the wood, leading two wounded officers and 140 other ranks, the last remnant of the South African Brigade. Piper Sandy Grieve of the Black Watch, who had fought against the South African Boers as part of the Highland Brigade, in the Battle of Magersfontein in 1899 and been wounded through the cheeks, played the South Africans out. The survivors spent the night at Talus Boise and next day withdrew to Happy Valley south of Longueval.
On 20 July, the 76th Brigade of the 3rd Division was again pushed forward to attempt to relieve the 1st South African Brigade. The Royal Welsh Fusiliers attacked towards the South Africans but by 1:00 p.m., Thackeray had informed Lukin that his men were exhausted, desperate for water and could not repel a further attack. Troops of the Suffolk Regiment and the 6th Royal Berkshires broke through and joined with the last remaining South African troops, in the segment of the wood still under South African control.
日本語を英語にしてみたのですが、合っていますでしょうか？あと、どう書いたら良いのかわからない部分があるので、そこも教えて頂けたらと思っています。 --日本語-- 字幕編集を有効にしてありますので、ここはこう打った方が良いとかありましたら、字幕を付けて下さると嬉しいです。 --英語-- Because it is to enable the subtitle editing, please enjoy freely subtitles. あと、「ここはこう打った方が良いとかありましたら」は、囲碁でこう打つのではなく、こう打った方が良い、という意味なのですが、どうやって英語にしたら良いのかわからず困っています。 自分の役では心配なので、全文を訳して頂けますと助かります。 詳しい方いらっしゃいましたら、よろしくお願い致します。
以下のサイトの英文を日本語に訳してください。ご回答よろしくお願いします。 https://publications.nigms.nih.gov/medbydesign/chapter1.html Scientists have names for the four basic stages of a medicine's life in the body: absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion. The entire process is sometimes abbreviated ADME. The first stage is absorption. Medicines can enter the body in many different ways, and they are absorbed when they travel from the site of administration into the body's circulation. A few of the most common ways to administer drugs are oral (swallowing an aspirin tablet), intramuscular (getting a flu shot in an arm muscle), subcutaneous (injecting insulin just under the skin), intravenous (receiving chemotherapy through a vein), or transdermal (wearing a skin patch). A drug faces its biggest hurdles during absorption. Medicines taken by mouth are shuttled via a special blood vessel leading from the digestive tract to the liver, where a large amount may be destroyed by metabolic enzymes in the so-called "first-pass effect." Other routes of drug administration bypass the liver, entering the bloodstream directly or via the skin or lungs. Once a drug gets absorbed, the next stage is distribution. Most often, the bloodstream carries medicines throughout the body. During this step, side effects can occur when a drug has an effect in an organ other than the target organ. For a pain reliever, the target organ might be a sore muscle in the leg; irritation of the stomach could be a side effect. Many factors influence distribution, such as the presence of protein and fat molecules in the blood that can put drug molecules out of commission by grabbing onto them. Drugs destined for the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord) face an enormous hurdle: a nearly impenetrable barricade called the blood-brain barrier. This blockade is built from a tightly woven mesh of capillaries cemented together to protect the brain from potentially dangerous substances such as poisons or viruses. Yet pharmacologists have devised various ways to sneak some drugs past this barrier. After a medicine has been distributed throughout the body and has done its job, the drug is broken down, or metabolized. The breaking down of a drug molecule usually involves two steps that take place mostly in the body's chemical processing plant, the liver. The liver is a site of continuous and frenzied, yet carefully controlled, activity. Everything that enters the bloodstream—whether swallowed, injected, inhaled, absorbed through the skin, or produced by the body itself—is carried to this largest internal organ. There, substances are chemically pummeled, twisted, cut apart, stuck together, and transformed. The biotransformations that take place in the liver are performed by the body's busiest proteins, its enzymes. Every one of your cells has a variety of enzymes, drawn from a repertoire of hundreds of thousands. Each enzyme specializes in a particular job. Some break molecules apart, while others link small molecules into long chains. With drugs, the first step is usually to make the substance easier to get rid of in urine. Many of the products of enzymatic breakdown, which are called metabolites, are less chemically active than the original molecule. For this reason, scientists refer to the liver as a "detoxifying" organ. Occasionally, however, drug metabolites can have chemical activities of their own—sometimes as powerful as those of the original drug. When prescribing certain drugs, doctors must take into account these added effects. Once liver enzymes are finished working on a medicine, the now-inactive drug undergoes the final stage of its time in the body, excretion, as it exits via the urine or feces. A drug's life in the body. Medicines taken by mouth (oral) pass through the liver before they are absorbed into the bloodstream. Other forms of drug administration bypass the liver, entering the blood directly. Drugs enter different layers of skin via intramuscular, subcutan
科学系の話はどうしても苦手なのですが... In most cases in which a planet has been detected orbiting a distant star, the planet's orbit is distinctly oval, whereas the orbit of Earth and several other planets around our sun are approximately circualr. However, many comets orbiting our sun have been thrown into oval orbits by close encounters with planets orbiting our sun. So some of the planets in oval orbits around distant stars were probably thrown into those orbits by close encounters with other planets orbiting the same stars. 最後の文がこの文章の結論だというのはわかるのですが... detectedはdetected asとasを伴わないのでしょうか。～として発見された、という意味かと思ったのですが。
In the early morning, Reserve Infantry Regiment 153 and two companies of Infantry Regiment 52, entered the wood from the north and wheeled to attack the 3rd South African Battalion from behind, capturing six officers and 185 men from the Transvaal Battalion; the rest were killed. By mid morning, Black Watch, Seaforth and Cameron Highlanders in Longueval tried to charge into the wood but were repulsed by German small-arms fire from the north-west corner of the wood. The brigade was short of water, without food and unable to evacuate wounded; many isolated groups surrendered, after they ran out of ammunition. In the afternoon, the 53rd Brigade advanced from the base of the salient to reach Thackeray at the South African headquarters but were unable to reach the forward elements of the South African brigade. This situation prevailed through the night of 19–20 July.
By afternoon, the north perimeter had been pushed further south by German attacks. Hand-to-hand fighting occurred all over the wood, as the South Africans could no longer hold a consolidated and continuous line, many of them being split into small groups without mutual support. By the afternoon of 18 July, the fresh Branderberger Regiment had also engaged. A German officer wrote ... Delville Wood had disintegrated into a shattered wasteland of shattered trees, charred and burning stumps, craters thick with mud and blood, and corpses, corpses everywhere. In places they were piled four deep. Worst of all was the lowing of the wounded. It sounded like a cattle ring at the spring fair....
The main German attack was made by the 8th Division and part of the 5th Division from the north and north-east. Elements of nine battalions attacked with 6,000 men. Infantry Regiment 153 was to advance from south of Flers, to recapture Delville Wood and reach the second position along the southern edge of the wood, the leading battalion to occupy the original second line from the Longueval–Guillemont road to Waterlot Farm, the second battalion to dig in along the southern edge of the wood and the third battalion to occupy Prince's Street along the centre of the wood. At first the advance moved along the sunken Flers road, 150 yards (140 m) north of the wood, which was confronted by the 2nd South African Regiment along the north edge of the wood.
In the south, the South Africans recovered some ground because the Germans had made limited withdrawals ready for counter-attacks in other areas. A German bombardment during the night became intense at sunrise and c. 400 shells per minute fell into Longueval and the wood, along with heavy rain, which filled shell-craters. At 3:15 p.m., German infantry attacked Longueval and the wood from the east, north and north-east. Reserve Infantry Regiment 107 attacked westwards along the Ginchy–Longueval road, towards the 3rd South African Regiment, which was dug in along the eastern fringe of the wood, which commanded Ginchy. The German infantry were cut down by small-arms fire as soon as they advanced and no more attempts were made to advance beyond the intermediate line.
The 3rd Division attack on Longueval had taken part of the north end of the village and Armin ordered an attack by the fresh 8th Division, against the Buchanan Street line from the south east, forcing Thackeray to cling to the south western corner of the wood for two days and nights, the last link to the remainder of the 9th Division (Map 4).Monochrome image on newsprint type paper. Pen and charcoal sketch of multiple figures in hand–to–combat using rifles and bayonets. Numerous wounded and dead figures in the foreground. One officer standing with his back to viewer observing fighting. On the morning of 18 July, the South Africans received support from the relatively fresh 76th Brigade of the 3rd Division, which attacked through Longueval into the south-western part of the wood, to join up with A Company of the 2nd South African Battalion, until the 76th Brigade was forced back by German artillery-fire.
The Germans spotted the forming up of the troops in the wood and fired an unprecedented bombardment; every part of the area was searched and smothered by shells. During the barrage, German troops attacked and infiltrated the South African left flank, from the north-west corner of the wood. By 2:00 p.m., the South African position had become desperate as German attacks were received from the north, north-west and east, after the failure of a second attempt to clear the north-western corner. At 6:15 p.m., news was received that the South Africans were to be relieved by the 26th Brigade.
英国の文書に「Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the balance sheet date where transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more tax in the future or a right to pay less tax in the future have occurred at the balance sheet date.」という文がありましたが、意味がよくわかりません。 特にreversedはどのような訳になりますか？ 「繰延課税は、期間差異項目が発生し、それが貸借対照表日にreverseされない場合にのみ認識される。この場合、さらに支払う義務または少なく支払う権利の発生につながる取引または事象が貸借対照表日（決算日）に発生しているものとする」 という感じでしょうか。 よろしくお願いします。
The constitution of Country F requires that whenever the government sells a state-owned entity, it must sell that entity for the highest price it can command on the open market. The consistitution also requires that whenever the government sells a state-owned entity, it must ensure that citizens of Country F will have majority ownership of the resulting company for at least one year after the sale. なら、次の状況の時にそのルールを破るという事ですが... The govenment will sell StateRail, a state-owned railway. The government must place significant restrictions on who can purchase State Rail to ensure that citizens of Country F will gain majority ownership. However, any such restrictions will reduce the price the government receives for StateRail. またsell highest priceとmajority of citizenにownershipがいくのは矛盾するのでしょうか。majority of citizenにownershipがいくとhighest priceにならないのですか？
絵を評価する…を英語でいうとどういう文になりますか? 評価する…という英語の使い分けが難しくてわかりません💦 英語得意な方お願い致します★
The subjective effects of occasional sleep deprivation are more pronounced than are its effects on overt behavior. 次の文から導き出される事らしいのですが... A univeristy professor researching sleep disorders occasionally taught class after spending whole nights working in a laboratory. She found lecturing after such nights diffucult: she reported that she felt worn out and humorless, and she had difficulty concentrating and finding the appropriate words. After several weeks of lectures, she asked her students to guess which lectures had been given after nights without sleep. Interestingly, very few students were able to correctly identif them. No one can assess the overall effects of sleep deprivation on a particular person as well as thatsleep-deprived person can. と言えないのはなぜでしょうか。
１．参議院選挙が７月10日行われる The Upper House election is held on July 10. ２．今回から18歳、19歳も投票する From this time on, the ages of 18 and 19 people can vote. ３．18歳での投票は早すぎるとずっと思っていた。 I thought all the time the vote at 18 years old was too early. ４．しかし、イギリスのEU離脱問題のお蔭で、考えが変わった。 But thanks to the issue of EU secession, I changed my thought. ５．イギリスで国民投票が行われ、離脱が決まった。 England held a referendum on the matter of EU secession and decided leave from EU. ６．18歳から24歳の若い人は、73%が残留支持だった。 73% of young people from 18 to 24 years old were remain supporter. ７．自分たちが投票に行かなくとも、残留に決まると思い、投票に行かなかった But many young people did not go for a vote. Because they thought even if they did not go to the vote, it was decided on remaining in any case. ８．若者たちは、「年寄り世代が、若者の将来を決めてしまった」と今になって怒っている They are now regret and angry. And they said, “An old generation has decided the future of the youth”.　　 ９．18歳と言えば、20から30年後、中年の働き盛りである。 Speaking of 18 years old, 20 to 30 years later, they are a person who is in his or her prime. 10．他方、イギリスで65歳以上の人の60%が離脱に賛成だったという。 On the other hand, 60% of people 65 years or older were agreeable to the secession. 11．20から30年後、彼らの多くがこの世にいない But 20 to 30 years later, most of them will not be in the world anymore. 12．30年後の事を考えると、選挙権は18歳でいいかも知れない When I think about 30 years later, 18 years old may be enough for the right to vote. 以上です。回答者様の考えとは違うかも知れませんが、宜しくお願い致します。
Thackeray, of the 3rd Battalion, as commander in Delville Wood. The 9th Division drew in its left flank and the 3rd Division (Major-General J. A. L. Haldane), was ordered to attack Longueval from the west during the night. Huge numbers of shells were fired into the wood and Lukin ordered the men into the north-western sector, to support the attack on Longueval due at 3:45 a.m. During the night, the German 3rd Guards Division advanced behind a creeping barrage of 116 field guns and over 70 medium guns. The Germans reached Buchanan and Princes streets, driving the South Africans back from their forward trenches, with many casualties.
In the evening of 16 July, the South Africans withdrew south of Prince's Street and east of Strand Street, for a bombardment on the north-west corner of the wood and the north end of Longueval. On 17 July, the 27th Brigade attacked northwards in Longueval and the 2nd South African Battalion plus two companies of the 1st Battalion, attacked westwards in the wood. The South African attack was a costly failure and the survivors were driven back to their original positions, which came under increased German artillery-fire in the afternoon. In the evening Tanner was wounded and replaced by Lieutenant-Colonel E. F.
The advance began on 16 July at 10:00 a.m. but the casualties of the South Africans had reduced the weight of the attack, which was repulsed by the German defenders. The 27th Brigade advance were pinned down in the village by machine-gun fire from an orchard in the north end of Longueval. The survivors fell back to their trenches midway in the wood and were bombarded for the rest of the day. The situation became desperate and was made worse by an attack by Thuringian Infantry Regiment 153.
On 14–15 July the 18th Division had cleared Trônes Wood to the south and had established a line up to Maltz Horn Farm, adjacent to the French 153rd Division. At 12:35 a.m. Lukin was ordered to capture the north-west part of Delville Wood at all costs and then to advance westwards to meet the 27th Brigade, as it attacked north and north–eastwards through Longueval. The advance began on 16 July at 10:00 a.m. but the casualties of the South Africans had reduced the weight of the attack, which was repulsed by the German defenders. The 27th Brigade advance were pinned down in the village by machine-gun fire from an orchard in the north end of Longueval.
Lukin sent messages urging Tanner and the battalion commanders to dig in regardless of fatigue, as heavy artillery fire was expected during the night or early the next morning. As night fell German high explosive and gas shelling increased in intensity and a German counter-attack began at midnight with orders to recapture the wood at all costs. The attack was made by three battalions from the 8th and 12th Reserve divisions and managed to reach within 50 yards (46 m), before being driven under cover by artillery and machine-gun fire. Later that night, fire into Delville Wood from four German Feldartillerie brigades reached a rate of 400 shells per minute.
If she didn't fall down, she might win. If she hadn't fallen down, she might have win. もし彼女が転ばなかったら、勝てたかもしれない 2つの文は同じ意味ですが、過去のある一点を指しているので、過去完了形ではあまり表現しませんか? 過去完了形は何らかの状態が継続していたことを表すので... もし表現として使えるなら、どのように使い分けるか教えていただきたいです。
An attack by a second battalion from the Ginchy–Flers road was also repulsed, the battalions losing 528 men. In the early afternoon a battalion of the 8th Division attacked the north-eastern face of the wood and was also repulsed, after losing all its officers. At 3:00 p.m. on 15 July Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 6 of the 10th Bavarian Division attacked in force from the east but was partially driven back by rifle and machine-gun fire. At 4:40 p.m. Tanner reported to Lukin that German forces were massing to the north of the wood and he called for reinforcements, as the South Africans had already lost a company from the 2nd (Natal and Free State) Battalion.
The brigade occupied a salient, in contact with the 26th Brigade only along the south-western edge of the wood adjoining Longueval. The troops carried spades but digging through roots and remnants of tree trunks, made it impossible to dig proper trenches and only shallow shell scrapes could be prepared before German troops began to counter-attack the wood. A battalion of the 24th Reserve Division counter-attacked from the south-east at 11:30 a.m., having been given five minutes' notice but only managed to advance to within 80 yards (73 m) of the wood before being forced to dig in.
enyaのeven in theshadowsの和訳を教えてください。 抽象的過ぎて全然わからなくて、、、どなたかよろしくおねがいします。 http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/enya/evenintheshadows.html
Most commentators on Baroque painting consider Caravaggio an early practioner of that style, believing that his realism and novel use of the interplay of light and shadow broke sharply with current styles of Caravoggio's time and significantly influenced 17th century Baroque painting. breakはここでは自動詞として使われているのでしょうか。（うしろにwithと続くので） with one's timeというのは彼の時代に何か新しい革命を起こしたというような意味でしょうか。（breakですが）
In 2007, the oldest baby boomers turned 60 years old. Many more will reach ratirement age in the next few years. This mass retirement will have many economic and social consequences.Several economic effects may soon be felt. As baby boomers retire, some companies are actually already grumbling about a labor shortage. This lack of workers is good news for students graduating from school or university. It means that they have more jobs to choose from. It is not so good news for companies, however, who need skilled employees in order to grow their business. 和訳 2007年、最年長のベビーブーマーが60歳になりました。続く2，3年の間にさらに多くのベーブーマーが退職年齢に達します。この大量退職が多くの経済的社会的影響をおよぼすのです。いくつかの経済効果は、すぐに感じられる かもしれません。 ベビーブーム世代が引退して、一部の会社は実は労働者不足について すでに不平を言っています。 労働者のこの不足は、学校または大学を卒業している学生にとって よい知らせです。 それは、彼らには選べる多くの仕事があることを意味します。 それでいいのですが、彼らの仕事を拡大するために熟練した従業員を必要とする 会社にとってよい知らせでありません。
The attack met little resistance and by 7:00 a.m. the South Africans had captured the wood south of Prince's Street. Tanner sent two companies to secure the northern perimeter of the wood. Later during the morning, the 3rd Battalion advanced towards the east and north-east of the wood and by 2:40 a.m. Tanner reported to Lukin that he had secured the wood except for a strong German position in the north-western corner adjoining Longueval.The South African Brigade began to dig in around the fringe of the wood, in groups forming strong–points supported by machine–guns.
People tend to live in neighborhoods of people from their same economic class, and the study shows that people's satisfaction with their incomes depends largely on how favorably their incomes compare with those of their neighbors. how faborably their incomes areのようなbe動詞が必要ではないのでしょうか。 ...depends largely on how favorably their incomes are compared with those of their neighborsとするのが正しいのではと思ったのですがこれではくどいためでしょうか？compareもそのままですし...
下記の英語論文の簡易訳が必要になりました。 よろしくお願い致します。 the enrichment medium contained synthetic sea water （SSB）, 10 ml trace elements A solution (L-1 SSB) and additional nutrients. SSB contains (L-1 deionized water) 9 g NaCl, 3 g Na2SO4, 5 g KCl. Trace elements A solution consists of (L-1 deionized water) 1 g H3BO3, 5 g LiCl, CuSO4.5H2O. The additional components of the enrichment medium are (L-1 SSB) 1.5 g NaNO3, 0.002 g FeSO4.7H2O,0.15 g MnSO4.H2O, 0.1 g CaCl2, 0.430 g (NH4)2SO4, 0.036 g KH2PO4 and 13 g purified agar. Trace elements A, FeSO4.7H2O, MnSO4.H2O, CaCl2, (NH4)2SO4, 0.605 g of the NaNO3 and KH2PO4 were added to the medium after autoclaving via filter-sterilization. The pH was adjusted to 7.0.
〇〇から連絡がありました。 返事はOkだそうです。 下記は〇〇のメールアドレスです。
Lukin ordered an attack from the south-west corner of the wood on a battalion front, with the 2nd Battalion forward, the 3rd Battalion in support and the 4th Battalion in reserve. The three battalions moved forward from Montauban before first light, under command of Lieutenant–Colonel W. E. C. Tanner of the 2nd Battalion. On the approach, Tanner received instructions to detach two companies to the 26th Brigade in Longueval and sent B and C companies of the 4th Battalion. The 2nd Battalion reached a trench occupied by the 5th Camerons, which ran parallel to the wood and used this as a jumping-off line for the attack at 6:00 a.m.
英語にしてください 1. 存在しない屈強な自警団 2. 何者にも縛られない自警団 宜しくお願い致します
Three battalions of the 1st South African Brigade were to attack Delville Wood, while the 1st Battalion continued as a reinforcement of the 26th and 27th brigades in Longueval. The attack at 5:00 p.m. was postponed to 7:00 p.m. and then to 5:00 a.m. on 15 July, due to the slow progress in Longueval. Brigadier-General Henry Lukin was ordered to take the wood at all costs and that his advance was to proceed, even if the 26th and 27th Brigades had not captured the north end of the village.
The effect of British artillery-fire diminished, as the north end of the village was out of view on a slight north-facing slope; German reinforcements reached the village and artillery and machine–gun fire from Delville Wood and Longueval, raked the 26th Brigade. By the afternoon, the western and south western parts of the village had been occupied and the 27th Brigade, intended for the attack on Delville Wood had been used to reinforce the attack. At 1:00 p.m. Furse ordered the 1st South African Brigade to take over the attack on Delville Wood.
The divisions of XIII Corps and XV Corps attacked on 14 July, just before dawn at 3:25 a.m., on a 4-mile (6.4 km) front. The infantry moved forward over no man's land to within 500 yards (460 m) of the German front line and attacked after a five-minute hurricane bombardment, which gained a measure of tactical surprise. Penetrating the German second line by a sudden blow on a limited front was relatively easy but consolidating and extending the breach against alerted defenders was far more difficult. The attack on Longueval met with initial success, as the thin German outpost line was rapidly overwhelmed. By mid-morning, the British troops had fought from house-to-house to the village square.
On 13 July all counter-attacks were cancelled and command arrangements were reorganised ready for an expected British attack, Gruppe Von Gossler from the Somme to Longueval with the 123rd Division and parts of the 12th and 11th Reserve divisions, Gruppe von Armin from Longueval to the Ancre with Division Burckhardt, 183rd Division and the 3rd Guard Division. Gruppe von Stein with the 2nd Guard Reserve Division, 52nd Division and the 26th Reserve Division, was made responsible for the front from the Ancre to Monchy au Bois. Many of the divisions were composed of units from other formations, brought in piecemeal to replace the "very heavy" casualties of existing units. Bavarian Infantry Regiment 16 was the last reserve of the 10th Bavarian Division and had lost many casualties around Mametz and Trônes Wood, the III Battalion having been reduced to 236 men.
Fluoride enters a region's groundwater when rain dissolves flouride-bearing minerals in the soil. In a recent study, researchers found that when rainfall concentrations of flouride-bearing minerals, and other relevant variables are held constant, fluoride concentrations in groundwater are significantly higher in areas where the groundwater are significantly higher in areas where the groundwater also contains a high concentration of sodium. dissolveは溶け出す、という意味でいいのでしょうか。科学的な問題ですこしこんがらがったのですが、フッ素が地下水に入るとミネラルを溶かすのでしょうか。そしてsodiumが多くあるとフッ素も多く含まれ、結果よりミネラルを溶かすということがいいたいのでしょうか。
Consumers tend to purchase store brands of yogurt, but purchase whichever brand of milk is least expensive. この文で、 Consumers tend to purchase store brands of yogurt, but purchase the brand of milk whichever is least expensive. とはならないのでしょうか。意味が変わりますか？ 最初の文のwhicheverは代名詞でいいのでしょうか。
以下の英文法の問題で、答えは (ウ) the best of all でした。 しかし、(エ) the longest of all が不可の理由がわかりません。 辞書を引くと、grow は long を補語としてとれるので the longest も不可でないように思えます。 どなたかご教授くださいm(__)m As I was looking out at my summer garden, this year's corn seemed to be growing ( ). (ア) above all (イ) of all (ウ) the best of all (エ) the longest of all
「USPSのトラッキングナンバーを参照したところ 9日にPre-Shipmentになってから 5日経過していますが、更新されません。 注文したアイテムは現在どこにありますか？ ご確認と返信お待ちしています」 上記の文章を英語に直していただけないでしょうか？ よろしくお願いします。
The survivors were sent to defend the line from Longueval to Bazentin Wood, a position which had been "laid waste" by artillery-fire, had no barbed-wire and in which only six or seven dugouts remained open. A motley of troops from Reserve Infantry Regiment 91, III Battalion, Bavarian Infantry Regiment 16, Infantry Regiment 184, two machine-gun groups, a company of Reserve Infantry Regiment 77 and III Battalion, Infantry Regiment 190 held the area, which was subjected to steadily increasing artillery bombardment, reaching an "unparalleled intensity" on the night of 13/14 July.
After World War II ended in 1945, Japanese couples who had delayed having children during the war years began having children in great numbers. In the three years starting in 1947, close to seven million babies were born. They came to be called the "baby boomers." Even after 1950, Japan maintained a high birth rate so those born in the early 1950s can also be called baby boomers. 和訳 1945年の第二次世界大戦終戦後、戦時中に子供をもてなかった日本人カップルがものすごい数の子供を産み始めました。1947年からの3年間に700万近くの赤ちゃんが誕生しました。彼らは「ベビーブーマー」と呼ばれることになりました。1950年以降も、日本は高い出生率のままだったので、1950年代前半に生まれた赤ちゃんもベビーブーマーと呼ばれます。
Falkenhayn urged Below to use his reserves to defend the position between Hardecourt and Trônes Wood, as it was an area from which the British and French lines could be enfiladed, should a counter-attack be attempted, although Below favoured an attack on the south bank, where it was easier to concentrate artillery. I Battalion, Reserve Infantry Regiment 91 was moved south from Gommecourt, to join a counter-attack from Bazentin Wood, with two companies advancing on an 800-metre (870 yd) front; half way to Mametz Wood a "hail" of British small-arms fire stopped the advance.
On 8 July the postponed counter-attack was cancelled and the commander of the 185th Division, with elements of four divisions under his command in the area between Mametz Wood and Ovillers, was ordered to close the gap between Contalmaison and Pozières by morning on 9 July. I Battalion, Regiment Lehr was relieved, having lost 618 casualties in Contalmaison. The troops in the area held on in mud and waterlogged ground, with many wounded and ill soldiers unable to be moved under a ceaseless British bombardment. About 100 recruits per battalion were supplied as reinforcements in the next few days and Infantry Regiment 77 arrived at Gommecourt. The 7th Division from the Sixth Army began to assemble near Bapaume and the 8th Division was expected on 13 July; from 6–13 July reinforcements of 65 heavy artillery batteries and three artillery flights, two reconnaissance flights and a bombing flight also arrived.
結婚して？ってこれでも伝わりますか？ 結婚して？とか結婚してくれない？の英語は"Marry me?"でも伝わりますか？
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。相手に新作商品の質問をしたいのですみませんが英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「私は2016AWに興味があります。 入荷次第順次連絡をもらうことはできますか？ ですが、2016SSにも興味があります。在庫の商品のリストはありますか？ 私は安い運送業者を知りません。あなた達はどこかと契約していますか？ 以前はフェデックスで発送してもらいましたが安かったです。 他に安いところを知っていますか？航空便が良いです。」
A British outpost in the Meisennest, 500 metres (550 yd) from St. Pierre Divion, in the German front line near Thiepval, was attacked by units drawn from three German regiments, after a short artillery bombardment and recaptured. German losses were severe, as the second position had few deep dug-outs and Anglo-French artillery-fire was directed with great accuracy by observers in artillery-observation aircraft. Communication with the front-line was cut and Gruppe von Stein did not know if the line between Contalmaison and Pozières was still held; a counter-attack by two regiments was postponed.
On 5 July Below reported to Falkenhayn that the new defences were ready and that for the moment the crisis was over. Counter-attacks would not be made until the situation became clear and more Anglo-French attacks were expected. On 6–7 July from Foucaucourt to the Albert–Bapaume road, losses among the German infantry increased rapidly, one crisis merged into the next and the policy of unyielding defence and immediate counter-attack, exposed the defenders to Anglo-French firepower. On the south bank Biaches was lost and at Barleux, Infantry Regiment 89 was subjected to huge amounts of heavy artillery-fire on 9 and 10 July, which demolished trenches and buried soldiers, followed by an infantry attack which was repulsed by the survivors.
「商品の代金は当月末日に締め切り、翌月末日に支払われる」の英訳はどうなりますか？ 「The account for the goods shall be closed at the end of each month and the payment of the goods shall be made by the end of the following month.」と訳してみましたが、「account for the goods」という表現がネットでヒットせず、正式な言い方ではないようです。 「商品の代金」も「price of the goods」だと違うような気がしますが、正確な訳がわかりません。 よろしくお願いします。
German reinforcements were distributed piecemeal, the III Battalion, Infantry Regiment 186 being sent in the evening to relieve Reserve Infantry Regiment 111, near Mametz, where they were killed or captured along with the remnants of Reserve Infantry Regiment 111. At 5:10 p.m. the 26th Reserve Division ordered Reserve Infantry Regiment 110 to withdraw through La Boisselle and Infantry Regiment 180 to defend Ovillers at all costs and Below issued a secret order forbidding voluntary retirements. Infantry Regiment Lehr of the 3rd Guards Division, was sent to reinforce the defence of Ovillers and Pozières. The new position was held by elements of six divisions and attached troops, who were organised into groups, led by the corps commanders, General von Quast on the south bank, General von Gossler on the north bank from the Somme to the Albert–Bapaume road and General von Stein from the road to Gommecourt; the 183rd Division was sent from the Sixth Army as an additional reinforcement.
Pannewitz had been allowed to withdraw by Below, which led Falkenhayn to sack Below's Chief of Staff General Grünert and order that "the first principle in position warfare must be to yield not one foot of ground and if it be lost to retake it by immediate counter-attack, even to the use of the last man". At 4:40 p.m. the French resumed the attack, captured Frise and overran the two battalions of the XVII Corps and a regiment of the 22nd Reserve Division in the second position, Herbécourt falling in thirty minutes. At Assevillers the defence repulsed two French attacks, with artillery support and reinforcements taken from further south. False reports spread great anxiety among the German commanders and for a while the 28th Reserve Division headquarters believed in a non-existent threat to both flanks.
日本語に訳してください Nothing as good as the "graveyard shift" work hours into the early morning
音楽に詳しくないのでよくわからないのですが... Neuroscientists subjected volunteers with amusia---difficulty telling different melodies apart and remembering simple tunes---to sifts in pitch comparable to those that occur when someone plays one piano key and then another. The volunteers were unable to discern a difference between the tones. But the volunteers were able to track timed sequences of musical tones and perceive slight changes in timing. という文において、 Amusia results more from an inability to discern pitch than from an inability to discern timing. という事がいえるそうですが、pitch=toneと考えていいのでしょうか。 またここのsubjectは～の実験をうけさせる、という意味でいいのでしょうか。
Marine animals known as box jellyfish have eyes with well-formed lenses capable of producing sharp images that reveal fine detail. But the box jellyfish's retinas are too far forward to receive a clear image, so these jellyfish can receive only a blurry image that reveals prominent features of objects but not fine detail. This example shows that eyes are adapted only to an animal's needs rather that to some abstract sense of how a good eye would be designed. ここのfar forward to receiveは動詞なのでしょうか。意味的には～からほど遠いというような意味だと思うのですが...
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新作のカタログをメールで送ってくれたのですがそれについて返信をしたいです。すみませんが下記の英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「連絡ありがとう。 今回送ってくれた商品の中には私の欲しい商品はありませんでした。 気を使ってメールをしてくれてありがとうございました。 他にも新作は入荷しますか？ それはいつですか？」
もしあの時、飛行機が救助にきてくれなかったら、君とこうしてお茶を飲んではいられないだろう。　（「来て」のニュアンスをだす書き方で） without air rescue's coming for us , I would not be having tea with you now. これは可能でしょうか？ どうぞよろしくおねがいいたします。
mind disturbの意味は何でしょうか？
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。支払い方法の事と新作の入荷情報について質問をしていました。返事がきたのですがすみませんが意味を教えてください。お願いします。 Yes I will be your account manager under the general manager AAA. Yes you can use PayPal : Please log in to your Paypal account and click on the ‘Send Money’ tab. It will then ask for an email address and an amount. The Paypal email address is david@BBB Are you talking about the AW16 collection? We only have a few items available for now I have attached a catalogue of available stock; the rest will depend on drops from Aufust up to beginning of October. For SS16 collection what is in stock is available straight away. Do you use your own courier??
英語で「大学」をuniversity 短縮してuniv.と書くのを見たことがあります。 では「大学院」をそのように短縮して書く場合、なんて書くのでしょうか？ よろしくお願いします。
はじめまして 大学受験に向けて英語を学びなおそうと考えている者で、 NHKの公式ホームページでは見つけられなかった者です NHKのラジオ講座は、普通４月始まりです 中学生時代には毎日聞いていて、 １年生の最初は英語のテストで２０点を取るなど最低でしたが、 １年間で９０点以上取れるまでになり、 ２年間聞き続けた結果、中学３年生なりたてで英検準２級を取れるようになるまでになりました という効果抜群、ということで、高校入学後もラジオ英会話を聞き続けていたのですが、 生憎精神の病を患ってしまい、高校を中退し、独学での勉強もできなくなりました その後数年間、私は英語に無関係の生活を送っており、 先ほどNHKの英語力検定では最低な数字が出てしまうほどになりました 本当なら４月からそれを見越して基礎英語を聞き始めていればよかったのですが、 当時はまだそんな元気がなく、現在に至ります 過去の記憶から、NHKラジオ英語講座は通年講座と半年講座があったと思うのですが、 今年の10月始まりのラジオ講座は存在するのでしょうか？ もしかしたら、今すぐ途中からでも通年講座を聞き始める方が良いのかもしれませんが、 そのあたりも含めて、助言をいただけたらと思います よろしくお願いいたします
In life we always have choices to make. We consider all the factors and then make up our minds. If someone asks you to join their group, ask many questions. Take your time and carefully consider whether you can really benefit from the group. Be aware that you are free to say "no." 和訳 人生において私達には常に決断すべき選択肢があります。すべての要素を考慮してから決心しましょう。もし誰かが自分達のグループに入る様あなたに求めたら、たくさん質問をしなさい。本当にそのグループがあなたにとってプラスになるのか時間をかけて注意深く考えなさい。「いいえ」と言うことはなんの差支えもないのです。
Overnight Below ordered the garrison of Fricourt to withdraw; on the south bank reinforcements had been scraped up to occupy the second line, which had stopped the advance of the French Sixth Army but General von Pannewitz, commander of the XVII Corps, was allowed to withdraw from Assevillers and Herbécourt to the third position, on the east side of the Flaucourt Plateau. The power of the French attack, particularly the firepower of French artillery had been a surprise; 109 guns had been lost on the north bank along with all of the 121st Division artillery on the south bank.
The 12th Reserve Division began to arrive from Cambrai during the afternoon of 1 July but the 5th Division, en route from St. Quentin in the south, was delayed by an air raid on the station while entraining, which killed 180 men when 60 ammunition wagons blew up. By afternoon on 1 July, the survivors of the 28th Reserve Division and Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 6 of the 10th Bavarian Division, had withdrawn to the Braune Stellung (second position) from Guillemont to Longueval and Bazentin le Grand. Bernafay and Trônes woods were undefended and the only German reserve was Bavarian Infantry Regiment 16, between Longueval and Flers. The 12th Reserve Division was rushed forward from Bapaume, having moved by train from Cambrai at 9:00 a.m. and marched to the area between Combles and Ginchy, where it was put under the command of the 28th Reserve Division and ordered to recapture Montauban and Favières Wood.
The observer wirelessed for an immediate counter-barrage, which obstructed a German counter-attack at 9:00 p.m. so badly, that the German infantry were easily repulsed. Bombing of German-controlled railway centres continued on 9 July, with attacks on Cambrai and Bapaume stations, in which two British aircraft were lost. Le Sars and Le Transloy were attacked in the afternoon and Havrincourt Wood was bombed on 11 July, after suspicions had been raised by increasing amounts of German anti-aircraft fire around the wood. Twenty bombers with seventeen escorts, dropped 54 bombs on the wood and started several fires.
もしあの時飛行機が飛行機が救助にきてくれなかったら、 という文についてです。通常は If the airplane had not come to our rescue, ..... となるかと思うのですが、これを　without を使った分にすることができますか？ airplane rescue の単語は検索しても見つからないのですが、helicopter rescue はあるようなので、それを無理やり使って。。 without that airplane rescue of us(me) , ..... もしくは without being rescued by the airplane at that time , .... どうぞよろしくお願いいたします。
もしあの時飛行機が飛行機が救助にきてくれなかったら、 という文についてです。通常は If the airplane had not come to our rescue, ..... となるかと思うのですが、これを　without を使った分にすることができますか？ airplane rescue の単語は検索しても見つからないのですが、helicopter rescue はあるようなので、それを無理やり使って。。 without that airplane rescue of us(me) , .....
The Japanese are an industrious people.　　という文がありました。主語が複数なので補語の名詞も複数にしないといけないのではないでしょうか。よろしくお願いします。
A study of guppy fish shows that a male guppy will alter its courting patterns in response to feedback from a female guppy. Males with more orange on one side than the other were free to vary which side they showed to a female. Females were drawn o those males with more orange showing, and males tended to show the females their more orange side when courting. という文章において、 When a model of a female guppy was substituted for the female guppy, male guppies stil lcourted, but were not more likely to show their side with more orange. とあるとして、ここでのaとtheの使い分けでmodelはどう意味をかえているのでしょうか？
The male and female guppies were kept in separate tanks so they could see each other but not otherwise directly interact. 意味としては、見ることはできるが触れ合うことはできない、ということだと思いますがこのotherwiseは必要ですか？
The main problem with cults is that they offer false beliefs and information. Their predictions about the future are invariably wrong. Undoubtedly, their leaders are chairsmatic, but they mostly seek power, as well as money, and sex from their naive followers.Members lose their powers of critical thought because of the cult's brainwashing techniques. In a word, cults are unhealthy. It is belieced that Japan may have up to 200,000 cults. Why are there so many cults in Japan? Some believe that it is because Japan has no strongly established religions compared to most societies. Therefore, cults have moved in to take the place of established religions. Also, Japanese education does not produce a strong sense of individualism in young people. As a result, cults find it easier to recruit new members who have a feeling they need to belong to a group. 和訳 諸カルト集団における肝心な問題は、偽りの信条と情報を与えるということである。それらの集団による未来についての予言（一つではなく複数）はいつも決まって間違っている。疑いようもなく、それらのリーダーたちはカリスマ性を持っているが、ほとんどの場合彼らは、疑う事を知らない信奉者たちから力と金とセックス（性的な関係）を求めている。会員達は、カルトの洗脳的手法で批判的思考を失ってしまう。一言で言えばカルトはどれもみな不健康なものだと言える。日本には20万を超えるカルトが存在すると思われている。なぜ日本には、そのようにたくさんのカルトが存在しているのか？一説には、日本には他の社会に比較して、それらに見られるような絶対的な宗教というものが不在であるためではないかというものがある。そのため、カルトが成り替わりとして成立する事を許してしまっている状況があるのではないかと。また、日本では若い頃から個人主義的な感覚を生むような教育が行われていないことも要因に挙げられるのではないか。結果的にカルトはどこかに(精神的)拠り所を必要と感じている人々を新たな会員として勧誘しやすい環境を（日本という国、または社会の中に）見出しているのだろう。
Later in the evening, the crew returned and directed artillery onto more German troops near Ginchy, prisoners later claiming that the battalion lost half its men in the bombardment. Infantry attacks on 7 July, made very slow progress and observers from 3 Squadron reported events in the late afternoon and evening. A crew which flew behind a German barrage, saw Quadrangle Support Trench suddenly fill up with troops in field grey uniforms, who repulsed a British attack. British observers were overhead to see continuous attacks and counter-attacks by both sides, until midnight on 10/11 July, when Mametz Wood and Quadrangle Support Trenches were captured.
4 July was rainy, with low cloud and no German aircraft were seen by British aircrew, who flew low over the German lines, on artillery-observation sorties. In the evening, a large column of German troops was seen near Bazentin le Grand and machine-gunned from the air and the British advance to the southern fringe of Contalmaison was observed and reported. On 6 July, German positions near Mametz Wood and Quadrangle Support Trench were reconnoitred by a 3 Squadron crew, which reported that the defences of Mametz Wood were intact. On 6 July, a 9 Squadron observer saw infantry and transport near Guillemont and directed the fire of a heavy battery on the column, which inflicted many casualties; a German infantry unit entering Ginchy was machine-gunned and forced to disperse.
Interestingly, research shows that most cult members come from normal families and many are even university educated. However, because there seem to be more disadvantages than advantages, one may ask why a person would ever become a member of a cult. Part of the answer is related to the average age of cult members when they join. Almost all new recruits are young. Young people who are still forming their beliefs about life are often attracted to cults because they offer them membership into a new group. The recruitment methouds are very appealing at first, especially friedship and sex. 和訳 調査研究の結果、興味深いことに、カルトの構成員の大半はごく普通の仮定で生まれ育った者であり、その多くが大学まで卒業しているということがわかっています。しかし、(カルトに入会するという事は)メリットよりもデメリットのほうが大きいと思えるわけで、なぜカルトに入ったのか？という疑問を持つ人もいるでしょう。その理由の一つは、カルトへの入会時の年齢にあります。(カルトへの)新規参入者は、そのほぼ全員が若者です。未だ生きていくうえでの信条というものを確立していない若者に向けて、カルトはメンバーにならないかと誘うわけで、若者はそれを魅力的に感じてしまうことが多いのです。一番初めの勧誘方法は非常に若者を引き付ける効果の強いものであり、特に友人関係や、性的関係を利用するものが挙げられます。
German aircraft intercepted the first pair of bombing aircraft and forced them to turn back but the next two from I Brigade, managed to bomb Busigny station. Two aircraft sent to bomb St. Quentin were intercepted and chased back to the British lines and the next pair was caught by anti-aircraft fire at Brie, one pilot turning back wounded and the other disappearing. Of five aircraft which attacked Cambrai, two were shot down, one was damaged by return fire from a train being attacked and the other two failed to hit moving trains. An offensive patrol by 60 Squadron during the bombing raids, lost one aircraft to a Fokker.
When did he tell you this？ の意味についてです。 あるドラマでの流れです。 人物的には、Ａさん、Ｂさん、Ｃさん。 Ｃさんは時差のある所へ出向いています。 (1)Ａさん： 昨夜、Ｃさんより、○○を発見したと連絡がありました。 (2)Ｂさん： それはいい知らせだ。 When did he tell you this? (3)Ａさん： 彼が連絡してきたのは、私が寝る前でした。 彼はそこに着き次第、探しに行ったのです。 ～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～～ When did he tell you this?　は、 「いつ、彼は君にこれを話したのか？」（彼が連絡して来たのはいつ？） となりますが、 (1)で、「昨夜」と言っているので、何で改めて聞いたのか？が、ひっかかりました。 で、質問ですが、 When did he tell you this?　は、 「これは（発見したのは）、いつのことだと、彼は君に伝えたのか？」 という意味にも取れるのでしょうか？ 取れるのであれば、話の流れは合います。 Ａさんは、いつ発見したかまでは知らない為、分かっている時間関係だけを答えたということです。 取れないのであれば、Ｂさんは、「昨夜」と聞きながら、また同じ質問をしたということになります。 あるいは「昨夜って、昨夜のいつ頃よ」という感じで聞いたのかも知れませんが。 When did he tell you this? の取りうる意味合を教えて頂ければと思います。 以上、宜しくお願いします。
On 2 July, air reconnaissance found little extra railway activity, apart from ten trains moving from Douai to Cambrai, thought to by carrying reinforcements from Lens. A raid by 21 Squadron on Bapaume, using 336-pound (152 kg) bombs, hit headquarters and ammunition dumps, which started fires that burned into the night. On the Fourth and Third army fronts, seven air combats took place and four German aircraft were forced to land.Early morning reconnaissance flights on 3 June, found many trains around Cambrai and reinforcements arriving from the east and south-east, heading towards Bapaume and Péronne. Pairs of British pilots began operations at 5:30 a.m. but attempts to bomb moving trains failed.
On 2 July, the Fifteenth Wing RFC was formed for the Reserve Army; 4 Squadron and 15 Squadrons, which had been attached to X Corps and VIII Corps, were taken over from the Third Wing, 1 and 11 Kite Balloon sections became the corps sections and 13 Section became the army section, all protected by the Fourteenth (army) Wing. On 2 July, the 17th Division attack on Fricourt Farm was watched by observers on contact patrol, who reported the capture within minutes and observers of 3 Squadron reported the course of the attack on La Boisselle. One aircraft took a lamp message at about 10:00 p.m., asking for rifle grenades and other supplies, which was immediately passed on. An observer in the 12 Section balloon, spotted a German battery setting up at the edge of Bernafay Wood and directed fire from a French battery; the German guns were soon silenced and captured a few days later.
TOEIC対策で長文に挑戦しているのですが、答えを教えていただけると助かります。 お手数おかけしますがよろしくお願いします。 【問1】 Woman:This schedule of upcoming TV programs says Let 's Laugh is showing on channel eight Man: I know it's a popular program, but it just isn't funny, and the studio audience laughs too loudly ! Anyway, I' m in the mood for a serious documentary tonight. Woman:We could see World History Special on channel six instead. Man:That 's an excellent idea. (1) Why does the man dislike Let's Laugh? (2) What are the speakers likely to do next? 【問2】 　　　　　　　　　　　Saturday Workshop for Administration Schedule 10:00 AM～12:00 AM 　Do not rush! Better timekeeping as the key to success. Lunch 1:00 PM～3:00 PM Choosing the right venue for your conference. Break 3:30 PM～5:30 PM Communicating goals to your workforce with a clear presentation. Break 5:45 PM～6:00 PM 　　 Closing remarks. We would like to point out that any manager wishing to attend this workshop should register with the head office in advance and then check in at reception on the day. (3) When does the workshop for time management start？ (4) When should readers do first if they want ta participate?
英字新聞を翻訳しました。どなたか添削をお願いします。　http://okwave.jp/qa/q9196033.htmlの続きです。　　(3)、(5)など自信なしです。　宜しくお願いします。 (1)Scientists, who had done this before in the lab, thought the process could take thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years. 既にそれを実験でやっている科学者は、このプロセスは1000年もしくは10万年かかるかもしれないと考えた。 (2)But after just two years, 95 percent of the gas was captured and converted, the study said. しかし、たった2年後、95%のガスは捕獲され、転化されたと研究者は言う（示した） →　しかし、研究よりわずか2年でCO2の９５％が捕集され固定化さていることがわかった。 (3)"It's what we hoped for ... and in some ways better," said David Goldberg, a Columbia University geophysicist who wasn't part of the team but praised it. 「我々が期待することは、いくつかの点で良くなっていることである。」とメンバーの一員ではないが、それを称賛しているコロンビア大学の地球物理学David Goldbergは言う。 (4)"What's going on here is a natural process being accelerated." 「何が起っているのか。ここでは、自然のプルセスが加速されている。」←　(3)の続きの話 (5)One of the methods to battle climate change, in addition to reducing fossil fuel emissions, is to capture carbon dioxide from the air or power plants. 気象現象との闘いの一つの方法（道筋）、加えて化石燃料放出を減らすことは、大気あるいは発電所からの二酸化炭素を減らす。 (6)"Carbon capture is not the silver bullet, but it can contribute significantly to reducing carbon dioxide emissions," Matter said. 炭素の捕獲は特効薬（魔法の解決策）ではないが、明らかに二酸化炭素を減少することに貢献する。 (7)However, carbon capture however can be expensive — especially the capturing part. しかしながら、炭素捕獲は高くつくことがある。特に捕獲する部分。 (8)Once the gas is grabbed from the air, storing it is another issue. 　一連のそれは、他の（別の）刊行物(雑誌などの号)である。 　→その報告は他の号で発表される。 (8)It can be stored underground and is sometimes injected in depleted oil wells, but there are concerns about monitoring it and preventing it from escaping. そらは、地下に貯蔵でき、時として、枯渇した油田に注入される。しかしながら、それらの監視に関連しまた、逃散をすることを予防する。
There are already more great artworks in the world than ny human being could appreciate in a lifetime, works capable of satisfying virtually any taste imaginable. Thus, contemporary artists, all of whome believe that their works enable many people to feel moreaesthetically fulfilled than they otherwise could, are mistaken. 最後のthey otherwise couldのtheyなんですが、contemporary artistsでしょうか？最後の一文の意味がいまいちよくわかりませんでした。
All corps aircraft carried 20-pound (9.1 kg) bombs to attack billets, transport, trenches and artillery-batteries. Offensive sweeps were flown by 27 Squadron and 60 Squadron from 11:30 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. but found few German aircraft and only an LVG was forced down. Two sets of patrols were flown, one by 24 Squadron in Airco DH.2s from Péronne to Pys and Gommecourt from 6:45 a.m. to nightfall, which met six German aircraft during the day and forced two down. The second set of patrols by pairs of Royal Aircraft Factory F.E.2bs were made by 22 Squadron between 4:12 a.m. and dusk, from Longueval to Cléry and Douchy to Miraumont. The squadron lost two aircraft and had one damaged but kept German aircraft away from the corps aircraft.
Railway bombing by 28 aircraft, each carrying two 112-pound (51 kg) bombs, began after noon and Cambrai station was hit with seven bombs, for the loss of one aircraft. In the early evening, an ammunition train was bombed on the line between Aubigny-au-Bac and Cambrai and set on fire, the cargo burning and exploding for several hours. Raids on St. Quentin and Busigny were reported to be failures by the crews and three aircraft were lost. German prisoners captured by the French army later in July, reported that they were at the station during the bombing, which hit an ammunition shed near 200 ammunition wagons. Sixty wagons caught fire and exploded, which destroyed the troop train and two battalions' worth of equipment piled on the platform, killing or wounding 180 troops, after which Reserve Infantry Regiment 71 had to be sent back to re-equip.
As contact observers reported the progress of the infantry attack, artillery-observers sent many messages to the British artillery and reported the effect of counter-battery fire on German artillery. Balloon observers used their telephones, to report changes in the German counter-barrage and to direct British artillery on fleeting targets, continuing during the night by observing German gun-flashes. Air reconnaissance during the day, found little movement on the roads and railways behind the German front but the railways at Bapaume were bombed from 5:00 a.m. Flights to Cambrai, Busigny and Etreux later in the day saw no unusual movement and German aircraft attacked the observation aircraft all the way to the targets and back, two Rolands being shot down by the escorts.
Accurate observation was not possible at dawn on 1 July, due to patches of mist but by 6:30 a.m. the general effect of the Anglo-French bombardment could be seen. Observers in contact aircraft watched lines of British infantry crawl into no man's land, ready to attack the German front trench at 7:30 a.m. Each corps and division had a wireless receiving-station, to take messages from airborne artillery-observers and observers on the ground were stationed at various points, to receive messages and maps dropped from aircraft.
Low cloud and rain obstructed air observation of the bombardment, which soon fell behind schedule; on 25 June aircraft of the four British armies on the Western Front, attacked the German kite balloons opposite, four were shot down by rockets and one bombed, three of the balloons being in the Fourth Army area. Next day, three more balloons were shot down opposite the Fourth Army. During German artillery retaliation against the Anglo-French bombardment, 102 German artillery positions were plotted and a Fokker was shot down near Courcelette.
Some of the German air units had recently arrived from Russia and lacked experience of Western Front conditions, some aircraft were being replaced and many single-seat fighter pilots were newly trained. German air reconnaissance had uncovered Anglo-French preparations for the Somme offensive and after a period of bad weather in mid-June, French preparations were also seen as far south as Chaulnes. British aircraft and kite balloons, were used to observe the intermittent bombardment, which began in June and the preliminary bombardment which commenced on 24 June.
the only remains of apples that archaelogists have found from this period are from fruits the same size as the wild apples native to the region. ここのfrom fruitsのfromなのですがどちらかというとfromはなくてもいいような気がするのですが。（もしくはthe fruitsとtheで特定する）
Among the many temptations of the digital age, manipulation of photographs has proved particularly troublesome for science. ここでthe manyとありますがtheとmanyはこのように一緒に使えるんでしたっけ？ てっきり、many of the...としないといけないものだと思っていたのですが...(all of theなどと同様に)
From 30 January 1916, each British army had a Royal Flying Corps brigade attached, which was divided into wings, a corps wing with squadrons responsible for close reconnaissance, photography and artillery observation on the front of each army corps and an army wing, for long-range reconnaissance and bombing, using aircraft types with the highest performance. On the Somme front Die Fliegertruppen des Deutschen Kaiserreiches (Imperial German Flying Corps) had six reconnaissance flights (Feldflieger-Abteilungen) with 42 aircraft, four artillery flights (Artillerieflieger-Abteilungen) with 17 aeroplanes, a bomber-fighter squadron (Kampfgeschwader I) with 43 aircraft a bomber-fighter flight (Kampfstaffel 32) with 8 aeroplanes and a single-seater fighter detachment (Kampfeinsitzer-Kommando) with 19 aircraft, a strength of 129 aeroplanes.
A new bombardment on the wider front had only half the ammunition. After repulsing two German counter-attacks, two companies advanced from the tip of the Leipzig Salient and reached the German front trench at 6:15 a.m. and were then forced back out. The left-hand brigade attacked with three battalions, which on the flanks found uncut wire and whose leading waves were "mown down" by German machine-gun fire; the few who got into the German front trench being killed or captured, except for a few who reached the Leipzig Salient. The centre battalion reached the German front trench but was eventually bombed out by II Battalion, Reserve Infantry Regiment 99 and a company from Bavarian Reserve Infantry Regiment 8.
ある英語の教材に， To change the date that a task is due　（仕事の期限を変更すること） とあります． thatは関係代名詞でしょうか？ dueは期限がきたという意味の形容詞だとすると， 目的格のthatが使えるのかな（？）という漠然とした疑問です． （dueという単語は，due to 以外の使い方に馴染みがなく， 　あまり理解できていません．）
Japan is like a creature that has become much too large for its old protective shell of isolation. Unable to grow a new and bigger shell under modern conditions, it must devise new means to protect itself. Internationalization is obviously the only means Japan has to continue its prosperity and survive in peace. 一文目のthatの用法とthat以下の文の説明、 省略された文法事項など教えてください。 また、他にも大事なところがあれば、教えてください
A new attack was planned against Thiepval for 2 July by the 32nd and 49th divisions of X Corps and the 48th Division of VIII Corps was cancelled and replaced by an attack by the 32nd Division, on the east end of the Leipzig Redoubt and the Wonderwork (Wundtwerk) on a front of 800 yards (730 m), by the 14th Brigade and the 75th Brigade attached from the 25th Division. Information about the changed plan reached X Corps late and only reached the 32nd Division commander at 10:45 p.m. along with an increase in the attack frontage to 1,400 yards (1,300 m) north to Thiepval Chateau. With most telephone lines cut the artillery were not told of the postponement, until half of the bombardment for the original 3:15 a.m. zero hour had been fired.
Lions and antelopes are both member of the class Mammalia, as are we. ライオンとアンテロープは、どちらも我々と同様に哺乳網のメンバーである。 as are we. となっているのはなぜでしょうか。 as we are. だと間違いでしょうか。 よろしくお願いします。
Most of the mines that Moradco operates in the province of Velyena have never violated environmental regulations. Every one of the gold mines that Moradco operates throughout the world has at some time or another violated environmental regulations. という文があるとすると上の文からわかるのはMost of the mines that Moradco operates in Velyena are not gold mines.ということらしいのですが、（これは理解できます） Most of the mines that Moradco operates in Velyena are not gold mines.が言えないのはなぜなのでしょうか...。
アメリカの友人が日本へ荷物を送ってくれるのですが、個人的にアメリカの何気ないチラシやUSPSの宛名書きラベル、駐車場のパーキングパーミットステッカーなど、日常で使う小物が欲しいのでこれを伝えたいのですが、英語でどう説明すれば良いのでしょうか。 どなたか知恵を貸してください。
In the early hours of 8/9 July, the 12th Division tried to bomb forward but found the deep mud a serious obstacle. The 36th Brigade was reinforced by two battalions and managed to struggle forward 200 yards (180 m) into the village and the 74th Brigade bombed up communication trenches south-west of the village and reached Ovillers church. At 8:00 p.m., the 74th Brigade attacked again and a battalion advanced stealthily to reach the next trench by surprise, then advanced another 600 yards (550 m) by mistake and found itself under a British barrage, until the artillery-fire was stopped and both trenches consolidated.
On 8 July, German counter-barrage on the lines of the 36th Brigade west of Ovillers, caused many casualties but at 8:30 a.m., the British attacked behind a creeping barrage and quickly took the first three German trenches. Many prisoners were taken in the German dug-outs, where they had been surprised by the speed of the British advance. The three German battalions lost 1,400 casualties and withdrew to the second German trench behind outposts; Infantry Regiment 186, II Battalion, Guard Fusiliers and Recruit Battalion 180, had many casualties and withdrew into the middle of the village.
​​Today is a good day,the weather is quite warm for a change, usually we have more than our fair share of the rain.. はどういう意味ですか?
A company which had lost direction in the dark and stumbled into La Boisselle, took 220 German prisoners but the division had 2,400 casualties. On 7 July, an attack by X Corps on Ovillers was delayed by a German attack, after a bombardment which fell on the 49th Division front near the Ancre, then concentrated on the British position in the German first line north of Thiepval. The survivors of the garrison were forced to retreat to the British front line by 6:00 a.m. A German attack on the Leipzig Salient at 1:15 a.m. from three directions, was repulsed and followed by a bombing fight until 5:30 a.m.; the British attack was still carried out and the rest of the German front line in the Leipzig Salient was captured. The 12th Division and a 25th Division brigade advanced on Ovillers, two battalions of the 74th Brigade on the south side of the Albert–Bapaume road reached the first German trench, where the number of casualties and continuous German machine-gun fire stopped the advance.
When are shifts ってどういう意味でしょうか？
A preparatory bombardment began at 2:12 a.m. on 3 July, against the same targets as 1 July but with the addition of the artillery of the 19th Division. Assembly trenches had been dug, which reduced the width of no man's land from 800–500 yards (730–460 m) at its widest. Two brigades of the 12th Division attacked at 3:15 a.m., with the left covered by a smoke-screen. Red rockets were fired immediately by the Germans and answered by field and heavy artillery barrages on the British assembly, front line and communication trenches, most of which were empty as the British infantry had moved swiftly across no man's land. The four attacking battalions found enough gaps in the German wire, to enter the front trench and press on to the support (third) trench but German infantry "pour[ed]" out of dug-outs in the first line, to counter-attack them from behind.
Many bird and reptile species use hihssing as a threat device against potential predators. The way these species produce hissing sounds is similar enough that it is likely that this behavior developed in an early comon ancestor. At the time this common ancestor would have lived, however, none of its potential predators would have yet acquired the anatom necessary to hear hissing sounds. ここの最後の文は特に仮定法でもないと思うのですがなぜwould haveが使われているのでしょうか。
A second battalion advanced through the wood, lost direction and stumbled on German posts in Central Trench, until about 150 survivors reached the eastern edge of the wood south of the Guillemont track, thinking that they were at the northern tip of the wood. Attempts to advance north in daylight failed and an attack from Longueval Alley by a third battalion, was stopped by massed small-arms and artillery-fire 100 yards (91 m) short of the wood and the battalion withdrew, apart from a small party, which bombed up the alley to the tip of the wood. With three hours before the big attack on the German second position began, the 54th Brigade was ordered to attack before dawn, to take the eastern fringe of the wood as a defensive flank for the 9th Division, as it attacked Longueval.
People speaking in the public square of days past had complete freedom of expression. of days pastのところなのですが、in past daysとはどう違うのですか？
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。新商品のお知らせが届きましたがすみませんが意味を教えて下さい。お願いします。 I have following new products available. Please let me know ASAP if you wish take these. Also, soon I’ll be sending images of these products using WeTransfer.
私がokwaveで先ほど質問したら、英語の回答が返ってきました。 この英文の意味を知りたいので訳して下さい。 大体で構いません。よろしくお願いします。 One should always believe in eat as much as you require and stay healthy. It is good to eat if you want to live. However, if you believe in living for the sake of eating as much as you can, it isn't good. One should always remain fit and healthy. For remaining healthy and fit, you need not go to the gym always. One can easily try the apps from the Play Store. However, the moment you open your play store you will immediately be loaded with apps. How to choose which are the good ones which aren't? Well you can do that from here- Top 10 Health Apps for Android
She was smiling , when she looked happy. （「彼女は微笑んでいたのだが、そのとき彼女は幸せそうだった」のつもりで書きました。関係副詞のwhenの非制限用法は、このようにして用いるのですよね？）
On 12 July, a new trench was dug from the east side of the wood and linked with those on the western fringe, being completed by dawn on 13 July. German attempts at 8:30 p.m. to advance into the wood, were defeated by French and British artillery-fire. Rawlinson ordered XIII Corps to take the wood "at all costs" and the 30th Division, having lost 2,300 men in five days, was withdrawn and replaced by the 18th Division, the 55th Brigade taking over in the wood and trenches nearby. After a two-hour bombardment on 13 July, the 55th Brigade attacked at 7:00 p.m., a battalion attempting to bomb up Maltz Horn Trench to the strong point near the Guillemont track.
The left of the battalion entered the wood further north, took thirty prisoners and occupied part of the eastern edge, as German troops in the wood from I Battalion, Reserve Infantry Regiment 106, II Battalion, Infantry Regiment 182 and III Battalion, Reserve Infantry Regiment 51, skirmished with patrols and received reinforcements from Guillemont. Around noon, more German reinforcements occupied the north end of the wood and at 6:00 p.m., the British artillery fired a barrage between Trônes Wood and Guillemont, after a report from the French of a counter-attack by Reserve Infantry Regiment 106. The attack was cancelled but some German troops managed to get across to the wood to reinforce the garrison, as part of a British battalion advanced from the south, retook the south-eastern edge and dug in.
次のような英文がありました。 Last night, Cindy told me about her new job in Tokyo, ( ア ) she appears to be enjoying very much. 質問(1) ; 模範解答では、(ア)にwhichが入るとなっていました。whenでもいいのではないでしょうか。 質問(2) ; 過去の話なのに、なぜappears というように現在形になっているのですか。
This often means that the behavior and even the thinking of members are completely under the control of the leader. These leaders sometimes claim that on a certain day in the future, the world will end or something great will happen. Members often have to invest money in the cult and sometimes they never see their money again. 和訳 これは、多くの場合、メンバーの行動と考え方さえ完全にリーダーの管理下にあることを意味します。 これらのリーダーは、時折、将来のある特定の日に、世界は終わります、あるいは、大きな何かが起こります、と主張します、メンバーはしばしばお金をカルトの儀式に納めなければなりません、時として、彼らは決して二度と自身のお金を見ることはありません。
In an experiment, 2 groups of mice---one whose diet included ginkgo extract and one that had a normal diet---were taught to navigate a maze. The mice whose diet included gikgo were more likely to remember how to navigate the maze the next day than were the other mice. However, the ginko may not have directly enhanced memory. Other studies have found that ginkgo reduces stress in mice, and lowering very high stress level is known to improve recall. この文章で、Neither the mice who received the ginkdo nor the other mice in the experiment exhibited physiological signs of higher-than-normal stress.が正しいとすると上の議論は成り立たないらしいのですが、私はどちらかというと上の議論をより証明しているのではないかと思うのですが... つまり両者とも高いストレスレベルでないのならginkgoは働かなかったのだから上のmay not have directly enhanced memoryはここでは正しい事になるのではないのでしょうか？
Altesa is in the rain, the rain starts as the bus rumbles down from the head of the valley towards the coast, fat drops spattering on the window against which I rest my face, and it is still falling when the bus pulls away, tyres hissing on the slick flagstones, leaving me standing on the north side of the square. It is a little after five in the afternoon, and the square is almost deserted. A young man is taking in chairs and tables under the awning of the café-bar across from me: he is the only person I can see. I stand in the partial shelter of a plane tree, the suitcase with the pictures propped against my leg. I see myself for a moment as part of the scene, in the way I sometimes do, and realize I look like someone lost—a middle-aged man who has fallen asleep on his bus and, waking in a panic, jumped off at the wrong stop. An out-of-season tourist who has lost his coach party. Guy BurtのThe Dandelion Clockからの英文です。 *********************************************************** I see myself for a moment as part of the scene, in the way I sometimes do, and realize I look like someone lost—a middle-aged man who has fallen asleep on his bus and, waking in a panic, jumped off at the wrong stop. この英文がわからないのですが、 in the way I sometimes do　私がときどきする方法の中で？ and realize I look like someone lost—　lostはどこかつながるのでしょうか？　それともそこで文が切れて、a middle-aged man who has fallen asleep on his bus and, waking in a panic, jumped off at the wrong stop.が一続きですか？ someone lost　誰かが失った？　失われた誰か？　lostがどうなっているのかわかりません。 最後のAn out-of-season tourist who has lost his coach party.のcoach partyの意味がわかりません。 教えてください。よろしくお願いします。
英語の詩の日本語訳がわかりません！どなたか訳してください！お願いします、、！ 英文は画像にあります！
英語の詩の日本語訳がわかりません！どなたか訳してください！お願いします、、！ 英文は画像にあります。
The reason why cops do what they do is because agencies usually hire ignorant, blue collar "style" white Americans and seldom hire educated.
Patrols northwards into the wood, found few Germans but had great difficulty in moving through undergrowth and fallen trees. At 4:00 a.m. on 10 July, the British advanced in groups of twenty, many getting lost but some reached the northern tip of the wood and reported it empty of Germans. To the west, bombing parties took part of Longueval Alley and more fighting occurred at Central Trench in the wood, as German troops advanced again from Guillemont, took several patrols prisoner as they occupied the wood and established posts on the western edge. The 18th Division on the left, was relieved by the 3rd Division on 8 July, having lost 3,400 casualties since 1 July.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。 １個数十円の物なのでまとめ買いをしないといけないのですが、サイト内に下記のような注意書きがありました。 すみませんが英文の意味を教えてください。 I mean 10 per style. Adding up to more.
An attack from Bernafay Wood intended for the same time, was delayed after the battalion lost direction in the rain and a gas bombardment and did not advance from the wood until 6:00 a.m. The move into Trônes Wood was nearly unopposed, the battalion reached the eastern fringe at 8:00 a.m. and sent patrols northwards. A German heavy artillery bombardment began at 12:30 p.m., on an arc from Maurepas to Bazentin le Grand and as a counter-attack loomed, the British withdrew at 3:00 p.m. to Bernafay Wood. The German counter-attack by the II Battalion, Infantry Regiment 182 from the fresh 123rd Division and parts of Reserve Infantry Regiment 38 and Reserve Infantry Regiment 51, was pressed from Maltz Horn Farm to the north end of the wood and reached the wood north of the Guillemont track.
The British attack began on 8 July at 8:00 a.m., when a battalion advanced eastwards from Bernafay Wood and reached a small rise, where fire from German machine-guns and two field guns, caused many losses and stopped the advance, except for a bombing attack along Trônes Alley. A charge across the open was made by the survivors, who reached the wood and disappeared. The French 39th Division attacked at 10:05 a.m. and took the south end of Maltz Horn Trench, as a battalion of the 30th Division attacked from La Briqueterie and took the north end. A second attack from Bernafay Wood at 1:00 p.m., reached the south-eastern edge of Trônes Wood, despite many losses and dug in facing north. The 30th Division attacked again at 3;00 a.m. on 9 July, after a forty-minute bombardment; the 90th Brigade on the right advanced from La Briqueterie up a sunken road, rushed Maltz Horn Farm and then bombed up Maltz Horn Trench, to the Guillemont track.
どうやら違うようなのですが同じことを違う言い方で言っているようにみえるのですが... None of the shows that W&W produced last year that were not canceled were police dramas. vs. All of the new shows that W&W produced last year that were canceled were police dramas. 両方ともW&Wが作った去年のキャンセルされたドラマは刑事ものだった、といっていませんか？
海外旅行の際、両替された現地通貨に、大体その国の一番大きいお札が混じってますが、大きいお札って店で使おうと思っても迷惑がられる時がありますよね。 お土産屋さんなんかであまり金額の行かない買い物の時、私は「Can I use 100(通貨) ?」という感じでお札を手にしつつ聞いてみて、今のところ大体通じているっぽいんですが、日本語でいうところの「１万円しかないんですけどいいですか？」の自然な英語表現があれば、参考にしたいので教えてください。 （何となく、"use"は通じるけど違うかな？と思ったんですが…）
If email messages sent by the tax preparation company do elsewhere suggest that the recipient do something illegal, then the company could subject to substantial penalties. ここのdo elsewhereのdoなのですが...間にelsewhereが挟まっていますがdoは強調のdoということでいいのでしょうか。elesewhereがここなのは文末に置くとわかりづらいからでしょうか。
送られてきた製品に不具合(新品で傷)があったので、代品を送って欲しい旨を伝えたいのですが、販売側が英語でのやりとりしかできないので下記の文を英語にして送りたいと思っています。(最初に拙い英語で傷があることは伝えてあります。) 「この度の件、とても残念です。傷は大きく許容できるものではありませんでした。つきましては代替え品を送っていただきたいです。よろしくお願いします。」 よろしくお願いします。 Sakura.I
Owing to global economic forces since 1945, our country's economiy is increasingly a service economy, in which manufactuing employs an even smaller fraction of the workforce. 1945年以来の世界的な経済力のために私達の国の経済はますますservice economyとなっている、そのeconomy economyで製造する事は更に小さい労働力の一部分を雇っている...? 直訳すぎるのがいけないのかもしれないのですが何を言っているのか理解できません。
At 9:00 p.m. on 3 July, the 30th Division occupied Bernafay Wood, losing only six casualties and capturing seventeen prisoners, three field guns and three machine-guns. Patrols moved eastwards, discovered that Trônes Wood was defended by machine-gun detachments and withdrew. Caterpillar Wood was occupied by the 18th Division early on 4 July and reports from the advanced troops of the divisions of XIII Corps and XV Corps, indicated that they were pursuing a beaten enemy. On the night of 4 July, the 18th Division took Marlboro' Wood unopposed but a combined attack by XX Corps and XIII Corps on 7 July, was postponed for 24 hours, after a German counter-attack on Favières Wood in the French area.
Interestingly, although the media often uses the figure "one million" to describe the number of young recluses in Japan, the truth is that no one really knows how many there are. In fact, the likelihood is that there are a lot fewer than this number. Because the behavior of recluses is so extreme, the media are attracted to them. Their strange stories make for interesting news articles and documentaries. In the end, the problem of young recluses may be much smaller than most believe it to be. 和訳 興味深いことに、メディアは日本の若者の引きこもりの数を表すのに「百万」という数字をしばしば使うけれども、 真実は、誰も本当にはどれくらいの数がいるのかわかっていない。 実際のところ、可能性としてはこの数（百万）よりずっと少ないかもしれない。 引きこもりの行動はとても極端なので、メディアは彼らに引き付けられる。 彼らの奇妙な話は新しい記事やドキュメンタリーを生み出す。 結局、若者の引きこもりの問題は、たいていの人々が思っているよりもずっと小さなものかもしれない。
No she left in May.
【英語】どっちが正しいですか？ 1. I was born on the Independence Day. 2. I was bon on Independence Day. theが付くのと付かない場合の意味の違いはなんですか？
英語で説明文が書かれてるサイトを探してます。 昔は日本文化で、捨てるものがなかったという話のこと。（特に江戸時代だそうですが。） 紙屑を拾い集めて再生したとか。 鍋や窯も、穴があいてしまっても修復する職人がいて、商売になっていたとか（これは昭和でもありました）。 風呂水くみ取るポンプだって、洗濯機メーカーが、標準ていっていいほどついてたりするし。 きっかけは、外国人（西欧人）の友人が５年以上前に来日した際の、ホテルのアメニティのお茶をいまだに持っていて、「飲める」と信じてるんです。私が、その友人宅を訪問した際も、何年前に開封したかわからないような常温保存の緑茶を出してくれました。いくら日本の梅雨のようなものがないとはいえ、ダニだらけでしょう。 ワインや梅干しではないので、いくらなんでも３年も経てば、傷むと。 で、捨てるようにいったら、その友人に、「コンビニうあスーパーの弁当のことは日本に行った時に食べたから知ってる。賞味期限が表示されてるのも知ってるが、あれはメーカーの保障にすぎず、我々は鼻も舌も目もあるからと。日本ではコンビニなどの食品があまったら廃棄処分するのか？と聞かれ、その人の国では、貧しい人に配ったり、いろんな方法で、捨てないようにしてる運動がされているのだと主張され、悔しいんです。 私は、それらが家畜の飼料になってるのは知ってますし、一部はボランティアで貧しい人へ揚げたりしてるのも知ってますが（英語でうまく言い返せなくて・・）。 日本だって、台所の排水の米粒を、鯉の餌にしてたり、まだまだやってるんだ！って言い返したのですが、私の英語（出川ENGLISH並み）では、説明不足だったみたいです。 英語のサイトをいくつか紹介してください。
A resumption of the attack in the evening was cancelled and a withdrawal further into the wood saved the infantry from a German bombardment along the edge of the wood. In the early hours of 11 July, the 115th Brigade relieved the attacking brigades and at 3:30 p.m. a position was consolidated 60 yards (55 m) inside the wood but then abandoned due to German artillery-fire. The 38th Division was relieved by a brigade of the 12th Division by 9:00 a.m. on 12 July, which searched the wood and completed its occupation, the German defence having lost "countless brave men"; the 38th Division had lost c. 4,000 casualties. The northern fringe was reoccupied and linked with the 7th Division on the right and the 1st Division on the left, under constant bombardment by shrapnel, lachrymatory, high explosive and gas shell, the 62nd Brigade losing 950 men by 16 July.
On the left flank, fire from Quadrangle Alley stopped the advance and contact with the rear was lost, amidst the tangle of undergrowth and fallen trees. The barrage was eventually brought back and two battalions of the 115th Brigade were sent forward as reinforcements. The Hammerhead fell after a Stokes mortar bombardment and a German battalion headquarters was captured around 2:30 p.m., after which the German defence began to collapse. More British reinforcements arrived and attacks by the 50th Brigade of the 17th Division on the left flank, helped capture Wood Support Trench. The advance resumed at 4:30 p.m. and after two hours, reached the northern fringe of the wood. Attempts to advance further were stopped by machine-gun fire and a defensive line 200 yards (180 m) inside the wood was dug.
During the Second Polish Republic, several monuments and a mound were raised nearby to commemorate the battle. A 16 m mound with a stone obelisk and a museum with two additional obelisks were raised during the years 1928–1933; a military cemetery was also built. They fell into disrepair during the rule of the Soviet Union (which often purposefully tried to erase traces of Polish history – the mound was for example lowered by 10 m). In recent years restoration work has taken place through various Polish-Ukrainian projects, with notable projects carried out by Polish boy scouts. The battle is considered one of the largest and most vicious of those involving the Polish Legions in World War I. Piłsudski in his order of July 11, 1916 wrote that "the heaviest of our current fights took place in the recent days."
Attach and align P/N 123 with the upper line of P/N 234. 部品234の上辺を合わせて、部品123を貼り付けをする。 これだとattach（貼り付ける）ものは何かと思うとなかなか出てこない。 私が思うのは、Attach P/N 123 after aligning with the upper line of P/N 234.の方が分かると思いますが？
at once....and～で...でもあり、～でもあるという意味ですが、 at once...but alsoも同じ意味と考えていいのでしょうか？ Eg. the gender roles assigned to women werre becoming at once more constrained but also more visible and more politicized
以下の文中のthat of とwithin which toについてです Where the study of the history of women is seen today as having celebratory content---its effort is to find our lost ancestors and restore them to a place in our memories---that of gender offers an analytic framework within which to analyze social and political structures. that ofは何かを比べた際に既に述べられた名詞の代用として使われることはよくみかけますがここでは比較でもないようなのですが、どういった用法のthat ofなのでしょうか？ またwithin which toは関係代名詞でwithin frameworkで、toは～ための、の目的を意味するtoであっているでしょうか。 ところでここのtodayは位置的に問題ないんでしょうか？副詞ってこんなに自由にどこでも置けましたっけ？大体時間的なものは文末だと思ったのですが。
This scholarship demonstrates the explanatory potential embedded in gender, but it also reveals why the topic "women" is now so often dismissed as too narrow and particular a category to illuminate historical processes. この文なのですが、embeddedは形容詞ですが名詞的に使われていますか？ でないとpotentialもexplanatoryも形容詞なので...しかしそうだとすると、どういう時に形容詞が名詞として使われるのでしょうか？ particular とa categoryの間にasでも省略されているのでしょうか？ ～するためのカテゴリーとして...という意味だと思うのですが何か文的に不完全なような気がするのですが。。関係代名詞の省略でしょうか？
Brusilov's offensive was stopped only in August 1916, with reinforcements from the Western Front. Despite being forced to retreat, the performance of the Polish forces impressed Austro-Hungarian and German commanders, and contributed to their decision to recreate some form of Polish statehood in order to boost the recruitment of Polish troops. Their limited concessions, however, did not satisfy Piłsudski; in the aftermath of the Oath Crisis he was arrested and the Legions disbanded. The presence of Piłsudski, who would later become the dictator of Poland, during the battle, became a subject of several patriotic Polish paintings, including one by Leopold Gottlieb, then also a soldier of the Legions, as well as of another painting by Stefan Garwatowski. Wincenty Wodzinowski created a series of drawings and sketches on the dead and wounded from the battle.
その反対言葉の高いって意味の英語は何ですか？ リッチですか？
[ ]内の名詞を挿入するのに適切な箇所の記号を答えなさいという問題です。 問題集の解答を無くしてしまったので教えていただきたいです。 (1) We need you (a) to (B) purchase © office (D)　[ equipment] (2) They made an (a) official (B) about © his (D) registration　[announcement] (3) They released (a) a (B) new © of (D) products yesterday.　[Line] (4) Ask (a) our (B) for © more (D) information [receptionist]
They may have approached you on the street. Sometimes they have a questionnaire. Other times they pass you a brochure about their group. Or perhaps they just start a casual conversation with you as you are walking on campus. They tell you about a group which can help you with your problems. They are always very friendly. They invite you to join. They make you feel special.You are being recruited into a cult. While these new religions, or cults, are sometimes harmless and even bring some comfort to the lives of their members, they have a dark side. The problem with cults is in their organization and beliefs. They often use deceitful methods to attract new members. In almost all cults, the leader is treated like a god. Nothing that the leader says can be wrong and all of "his" (usually a man) ideas cannot be questioned. 和訳 彼らは、道路であなたに話をもちかけてくるかもしれません。 あるときは、彼らはアンケートを依頼します。 あるときは、彼らのグループについてあなたにパンフレットを渡します。 または、たいていの場合、あなたの大学への通学路で、彼らは実に何気ない会話をあなたにし始めます。 彼らは、あなたに、あなたの抱えているトラブルや問題を手伝うことができる、あるグループについて話します。 彼らは、いつも非常に親しみやすい感じの人たちです。彼らは、あなたに（グループに）参加するよう誘いかけます。 彼らは、あなたを特別な人であると思い込ませます。あなたは、カルトに入れられようとしています。これらの新興宗教またはカルトは、時々無害であり、参加メンバーの生活に若干の快適ささえもたらす一方で、彼らは暗い側面を持っています。 カルトに関する問題は、彼らの組織と信条です。 彼らは、しばしば、新メンバーを引きつけるために、欺瞞的な方法を使用します。 ほとんどすべてのカルトでは、リーダーは神のように扱われます。 リーダーが言うことは何一つ間違っていることはありえず、そして、「彼」の（通常男性）考えの全てが、疑われること自体ありえないのです。
英語が得意な方、お力を貸してください。 添削していただけるとたいへん助かります。 どうぞ宜しくお願いします。 I am so happy to let you know that we have started the planning for our 37th Annual “Le Bal Des Papillons” Celebrity Gala and International Travel Auction, which will be held on December 3, 2016, and we are, of course, so excited to showcase Obuka Onsen as our spectacular Grand Prize to Japan. 2016年12月3日に開催する当社の第37回「ル・バルデPapillons"セレブガラと国際トラベルオークション」の計画の開始のお知らせできることをとても嬉しく思っています。そして、大深温泉を私たちの日本への大賞として紹介できるのをすごく楽しみにしています。 As you know, Obuka Onsen holds such a special place in my family`s history. ご存じだとは思いますが、大深湯温泉は私の家族の歴史の中で、特別な場所です。 It was a wonderful tradition that was started by our beautiful Juliette so long ago, and I treasure those memories more than words can say. それは昔、美しいジュリエットによって始まった素晴らしい伝統であり、あの思い出は沢山の言葉よりも大切にしています。 You just must join me at this year`s gala! I know you would love it, and it would mean the world to me! 今年のイベントにぜひ参加してください！きっと会長も好きになると思いますし、それは私にとってはかけがえのないものを意味します。 Izumi to make sure this year`s event is even more grand than ever before, will you please offer a fabulous Dream Vacation at our beloved Obuka Onsen. 泉さん、今年のイベントは今まであったイベントよりもすばらしくなると思います、私たちの最愛の大深温泉で素晴らしい夢の休暇を提供してくださいませんか。 I promise that your wonderful Grand Prize will be beautifully presented to our audience of political and social leaders, world travelers and global philanthropists who will be celebrating our life-saving work on behalf of abused woman and children. あなたが提供してくれるグランプリは虐待を受けた女性と子供たちに代わって、私たちの命を救う仕事をしている政治家、社会的し指導者、政界を旅行している旅行者やグローバルな慈善家の私達の聴衆に差し上げることをお約束します。 We have many returning supporters who are helping us with this year`s event, including Salma Hayek, Larry King, Robert Redford, Maria Kennedy Shriver, Tina Turner, Tom Hanks, and Clint Eastwood. サルマ・ハエック、ラリーキング、ロバート・レッドフォード、マリア・ケネディシュライバー、ティナ・ターナー、トム・ハンクス、そしてクリント・イーストウッドなど、今年のイベントで私たちを支援してくれる多くの支援者を持っています。 I am so thrilled to feature Obuka Onsen at this year`s Le Bal Des Papillons Gala, which, as always, promise to be the magical highlight of the California social season! いつものように、カリフォルニアソシャルシーズンの魔法のハイライトであることを約束し、今年のル・バルデPapillonsガラで大深温泉を見せるのを楽しみにしています！ It is so close to my heart and I can`t imagine having our event without you! 貴社なしのイベントは考えられないと心から思っています。
「The Licensee（発注者）shall give an estimate of its delivery requirements to (受注者）for next three months.」という文のan estimate of its delivery requirements の意味がわかりません。 次の3か月に注文する予定の概算をあらかじめ受注者に通知しておく、という感じでしょうか。 「引渡要件の概算」という訳になるのでしょうか。 どうぞよろしくお願いします。
Throughout the day, the Russian offensive managed to push the Polish forces further back; although the Poles managed to temporarily retake Polish Hill, a lack of support from the Hungarian forces once again tipped the battle towards the Russians, and even German reinforcements – deployed after Piłsudski sent a report to the army's headquarters about the possibility of a Russian breakthrough – failed to turn the tide away. Eventually, on July 6, the Russian offensive forced the Central Powers' armies to retreat along the entire frontline; Polish forces were among the last to retreat, having sustained approximately 2,000 casualties during the battle.
The major Russian push came on July 4, after a major artillery pre-emptive assault. The advancing Russian infantry, numbering around 10,000, faced about 1,000 Polish troops in the front lines (the rest were held in reserve), but the Russians were stopped by heavy machine gun fire and forced to retreat. The Hungarian forces at Polish Hill were pushed back, however, and the Russians advancing on the Poles' right flank, threatened to take the high ground in the area. A counterattack by the Poles was not successful; as the Hungarian units were retreating, the Polish forces sustained very heavy losses and had to fall back either to the remaining part of the first defense line or, in the area of Polish Hill, to the second line. Another Polish counterattack, launched during the night of July 4/5, was also beaten back.
They may　help you on your journey. なんと訳しますか？ 前の方の文は以下の通りです。オズの魔法使いです。 "Go to the Great Wizard. You will be safe now," she said. Dorothy stopped crying and thanked　the Good Witch. "Look, the Wicked　Witch has turned　to dust!" one of the Munchkins　said　to Dorothy. "Take her Silver Shoes, my dear. They may help you on your journey.
いつもありがとうございます。 下記の英訳をお願いできませんでしょうか。 自分の訳が不自然で固い感じがするので、癒してあげるスタンスでおしえていただきたいです。 １． あなたの言葉は、深みがあるね。 （深み：スターウォーズのヨーダ、スティーブンジョブスのような挫折を乗り越えた人が発する重みにある言葉という意味です。） ２． 本当なら写メより側にいって肩に手を添えたい… 色んな人がいるからねえ…とか、貴方のよさは、私にも十分伝わってるくらいだから、周りの人は みな気づいているわよ…とか、 今日がダメでも明日があるから大丈夫だよ、貴方ならきっと！ よろしくお願いいたします<(_ _)>
友人が外国人の方と結婚式を挙げるのですが、私は子供も小さい上、介護が必要な義父もいるため、残念ながらお式には出ることが出来ません。（その事は随分前に友人にも伝えて謝っています。） お祝いのプレゼントは後日、本人のリクエストの電化製品を送らせて貰うのですが、それとは別に挙式当日に届くよう手作りのカードを送ろうと思っています。切り絵が趣味なのて、20cm四方ぐらいのペーパーに飾り文字メッセージを切り絵アートで作り、軽い額縁に入れて送ろうと思うのですが、肝心のメッセージをどう書けばよいのかが分からず困っています。 切り絵なので、そんなに沢山の文字は入れられないのですが ○○（新郎の名前）&○○（新婦の名前） Happy Wedding ではおかしいですか？ネイティヴ並みに英語を話せる友人とネイティヴの旦那様に渡すものなので”そんな言い回しは日本だけだよ”とか”あまりそんな表現しないけど”というような恥ずかしいものにはしたくないと思って、色々調べているのですが、よく分からず困っています。 新郎と新婦の名前を入れて、結婚おめでとうという気持ちを伝える端的な英語のメッセージを教えて頂けないでしょうか？何卒よろしくお願い致します。
Starting on June 6, a major Russian push was directed against the 40 km line between Kołki and Kostiuchnówka, with the aim of taking the position and then advancing towards Kovel. With Polish legionnaires staying put and holding the ground, more Russian reinforcements were thrown in, while the battle of Kostiuchnówka had become one of the major struggles in the area during World War I. Polish forces launched a counterattack, pushing back the Russians – who had not expected such a bold move – on the night of June 8 and 9.
アメリカのネットショップで小物を購入予定です。１個数十円なのでまとめ買いをしたいと思っています。 すみませんがその時に使う英文を教えてください。お願いします。 「私はいつもいつも〇〇以上購入します。 この場合はXXから発送してくれますか？ 違う種類が◆◆個でも良いのですか？ AAさんは辞めたのですか？」
【英語】「私は独立記念日に産まれました」を現地英語で言うとどう言い回しになりますか？ 独立記念日とはアメリカのです。 わざわざアメリカの独立記念日に産まれましたと言うのはアメリカで言った場合、くどくないですか？ 独立記念日だけで通じますよね？ アメリカ人はちゃんと言うんでしょうか。 アメリカの独立記念日って。
Facing the major Russian offensive, the II Brigade of the Polish Legions was deployed out of Kostiuchnówka, at Gruziatyn and Hołzula. The I Brigade held the lines advancing down the Polish Hill, Kostiuchnówka village; the III Brigade, positioned to its left, held the lines near the Optowa village; the Piłsudski's Redoubt was the most advanced Polish position, just about 50 metres (164 ft) facing head on the most advanced Russian redoubt, called the "Eagle's Nest". Further down the Polish Hill the Hungarian 128th Honvédség Brigade took positions opposite the Polish right flank, the Hungarian 11th Cavalry Division opposite the left flank. Two Polish fall-back lines were drawn beyond the first line of defense: one drawn through the Polish Forest and the Engineer's Forest, and the second one through the villages of Nowe Kukle, Nowy Jastków, the camp of Legionowo and Nowa Rarańcza. The Polish Legions at Kostiuchnówka numbered from 5,500[1] to 7,300 (6,500 infantry and 800 cavalry), with forty-nine machine guns, fifteen mortars and twenty-six artillery units. The Russian forces, composed of the most part of the 46th Corps (primarily the 110th and 77nd Infantry Division[clarification needed]), numbered 23,000 infantry, 3,000 cavalry and were backed up by a larger artillery force consisting of 120 units.
She used a little bit of psychology in order to get the kids into the car. という例文の、ofとintoの働きを教えてください。
最近私生活での疲れもあるのかわからないのですが。。 とにかく長文が苦手というか...読む前からもう気分が重いです。 いわゆるＴＯＥＦＬやＧＲＥと同じ類の学術論文なのですが... どうしたら苦手意識を払しょくできるでしょうか。最近気持ちの部分でだいぶ気おされて読み始める前からとても憂鬱です...。 こんな質問でなんだかちょっとあれなのですが...なにか解決策などありますか？どうしたらこういった長文をすきになれるというか、向きあえるんでしょうか。。 喝でもかまいません。なにかアドバイスいただけたらうれしいです。。
いつもお世話になっております。 現在完了でよくわからないことがでてきましたので，教えていただけますでしょうか？ I have been to London. や I have eaten sushi in Japan. などが完了形になることは理解できるのですが，I have bought a souvenir. というのはわからなくもないのですが，自然でないような気がします。単純に I bought a souvenir. とした方がいいかなと思うのですが，日本語で「～したこと経験がある」と訳せるものは英語ですべて have 過去分詞で表現できるのでしょうか？ よろしくお願いいたします。
あなたは列に並んでいますか? ここが列の最後尾ですか?
The 114th Brigade reached the wood quickly behind the barrage and dug in at the first objective. Further west, the battalion of the 113th Brigade lost the barrage but managed to reach the first objective, despite cross-fire and shelling by British guns. Various German parties surrendered and despite the chaos, it appeared that the German defence of the wood had collapsed. The artillery schedule could not be changed at such short notice and the German defence had two hours to recover. The advance to the second objective at 6:15 a.m. was delayed and conditions in the wood made it difficult to keep up with the barrage; an attack on an area called Hammerhead was forced back by a German counter-attack.
There are now efforts being taken to solve the problem. Support groups have been established in order to help bring young recluses back into society. Ironically, it is the parents who are seen as not being very helpful in their recovery. Rather, some experts who are the cause of the behavior. When a child first begins isolating him or herself, the parents tend to have patience and allow the behavior to continue instead of insisting that it stop. In this way, the kindness of parents may not be helping the teclusive child. 和訳 現在、問題を解決するためにいくつかの努力がなされています。 支援グループが、若い隠遁者（ひきこもり）の社会復帰を助けるために設立されました。 皮肉にも、彼らの復帰・回復においてあまり有能でないとみなされるのは、両親です。むしろ、何人かは、その行動（ひきこもり）の原因となる専門家である。子供（彼または彼女）が最初に孤立し始めたとき、 両親は、忍耐力があって、止めるよう主張せずに、その行動（ひきこもり）を続けるのを許す（認める）傾向があります。 このような方法では、両親のやさしさは、孤立している子供の役に立っていないかもしれません。
お世話になります。下記英文の日本語訳をお願いします。 Out of every 100 reviewed calls, 5 will be problematic, while 95 calls will be a waste of precious management time - and out of every 100 bad calls, only 5 will be reviewed. Out of every 100 reviewed calls, 45-60 will be problematic, still improving performance by at least 900% compared to the original 5 calls marker. 宜しくお願いいたします。
日本語訳を教えてください！ In contrast to the manly Henry, an eighteen-year-old girl named Victoria became queen in 1837 and remained a very popular monarch for 65 years. She married Albert, a distant cousin, and they had nine children. Unfortunately, Albert died of typhoid in 1861 when he was only 42. Victoria was so upset that she went into mourning for the rest of her life. She didn't go out to parties, and she wore the quietest of fashion long black dresses with high necks and long sleeves.
